2200585994	Trailer Mechanic needed for flatbeds dry vans belly dumps.  Requires skills in changing tires, brakes, wheel seals, air brakes, and electrical and all maintence and repair required on trailers. advancemet opportunities avalible. do need your own tools.
2200585986	Serves customers at the counter, accepting cash, credit card transactions, western union, and providing general information; respond to complaints (in a positive manner), answer inquiries and refers requests for special handling or repairs to store manager.Balances receipt tapes against cash drawer; prepares check-out sheet.Stock Merchandise, keep all product faced forward and daily cleaning of Responsible for overall performance of shift.Other duties as assigned.
2200585987	Support staff for current book of business policyholders.  Processing policy changes, new business, policyholder correspondence, setting new business appointments, quoting new business.Need upbeat, reliable individual desiring to maximize income in working hours. Should be able to multi-task and enjoy helping people. License preferred but not necessary. Required w/i 45 days w/expenses covered. Extremely flexible.
2200585992	Answer phones in a friendly and professional manner, listen carefully and take complete messages. Direct caller & information to appropriate individuals.  Must be able to type, have computer experience, phone and customer service skills.  We answer phones 24/7. Hiring full time, part time postions. Hiring for day, evenings & 1/2 night shifts. Wage will increase following training and good performance evaluation. Job is in Vernal, Utah.
2200585993	Answer phones in a friendly and professional manner, listen carefully and take complete messages. Direct caller & information to appropriate individuals.  Must be able to type, have computer experience, phone and customer service skills.  We answer phones 24/7. Hiring full time, part time postions. Hiring for day, evenings & 1/2 night shifts. Wage will increase following training and good performance evaluation. Job is in Vernal, Utah.
2200585996	Must have a valid drivers licence and knowlage of salt lake city.
2200585991	Customer Service Agents STOP!! We've been looking for you!!! Do you want to work for a company who has great benefits, competive wages, not to mention advancement, advancement, advancement!come work in our fast growing Pharmacy call center where you will be able to utilizes your analytical and typing skills as well as showing off your customer service skills. We need people who are motivated, energetic team players who must be able to type 40 words per minute, have a high school diploma or equivalent and previous customer service call center back ground. Don't let this great opportunity pass you by!!
2200585990	1-2-3 Stitch is an online retailer of needlework and rubber stamps. Receive, process, and organize inventory. Perform customer service via email and phone. Ensure good customer service by assembling customer orders correctly and efficiently. May do some order entry, faxing, and copying.Applicants should be proactive, personable, and possess good communication skills. Familiarity with cross stitch, needlework, or rubber stamps is desirable but not required. Computer literacy and Internet experience is a plus.
2200585995	Full time laborer for underground construction of water and sewer lines for subdivision development. Familiar with equipment and is dependable.
2200585982	*Experience using Adobe Illustrator*Customer Service skills*Illustration skills a plus*Willing to help in the Shop & do other Misc. Tasks(If possible, Bring in Portfolio)
2200585978	*Clean Screens, Stack, & fold shirts*Willing to work hard and complete other misc. tasks*Some Heavy Lifting involved***WILL TRAIN the right person***
2200585979	*Clean Screens, Stack, & fold shirts*Willing to work hard and complete other misc. tasks*Some Heavy Lifting involved***WILL TRAIN the right person***
2200585980	*Clean Screens, Stack, & fold shirts*Willing to work hard and complete other misc. tasks*Some Heavy Lifting involved***WILL TRAIN the right person***
2200585981	*Experience using Adobe Illustrator*Customer Service skills*Illustration skills a plus*Willing to help in the Shop & do other Misc. Tasks(If possible, Bring in Portfolio)
2200585983	*Screen Print T-Shirts*Willing to work*Clean screens, mix ink, & other misc. tasks*Experience is a Plus**WILL TRAIN the right person**
2200585984	*Screen Print T-Shirts*Willing to work*Clean screens, mix ink, & other misc. tasks*Experience is a Plus**WILL TRAIN the right person**
2200585989	An Established Payroll, Timekeeping And HR Services Business Seeks An Experienced Client Support Specialist To Interface With Clients Compile Payroll Data, Answer Questions And Assist In Generating Accurate, Timely Pay Checks For Client Companies. Responsibilities: ? Assists Clients With Needs, Requests And Problems Via Telephone Or Email In Processing Their Payrolls. ? Records Changes Affecting Net Wages In Many Areas Such As Exemptions, Insurance Coverage, And Loan Payments For Each Employee To Update Master Payroll Records.
2200585988	Find,Recruit, & Hire personnel.  Will Manage All Aspects Of The Company?s Human Resources And Work Closely With Our PEO. Responsibilities ? New Employee Orientation (benefits And Policies) ? Processing Payroll ? Assist Department Managers With Recruiting ? Work With Management On Annual Evaluation, Terminations, Promotions ? Maintain And Organize Employee Records ?
2200586022	Class A Driver/Customer Service Associate needed for Sandy retailer.  Will pull, load and deliver customer purchases.  Greet customers, provide customer service.  Other duties as assigned.  Must have ability to move throughout all areas of the store and have a current Class A CDL Driver's License.  Must be able to move objects up to and exceeding 200 pounds with reasonable accommodations and be able to lift up to 50 pounds without assistance.  Must be minimum age 21 for insurance coverage.  Shifts may vary; hours and days off arranged and can vary from week to week.  Employer does pre-employment drug testing.  Hourly salary range is $13.98 to $14.56 per hour.
2200586311	Personal Assistant needed to provide care in a Kearns home.  Will do light housekeeping and meal preparation, assist with personal care and help with shopping and errands.  Will assist with paperwork and filing.  Will transfer individual in and out of wheelchair using a ceiling-mounted hydraulic lift. CNA or PCA is helpful, but not required.  Employer is willing to train.  Wage is $9.80 per hour.  Must be able to get first aid certificate within 30 days of hire.  Must have driver's license to run errands and transport individual to appointments.  Will work between 11:30 am and 5 pm, Mondays through Sundays.  Employer can be flexible with hours worked.
2200586509	Merchandise Associates (749779) needed for a Salt Lake City (84106 zip code area) retail clothing establishment.  Will be responsible for assisting in the daily operations of the store, merchandising presentation by rotating stock, adjusting prices and displaying sale items.  Will also operate cash register to itemize customer purchases and authorize credit/debit card purchases.  Assist with layaways and in the customer service booth.  Fill racks, tables and shelves.  Will perform other duties as assigned.  Wage is $5.85 to $7.00 per hour, depending on experience.
2200586510	Merchandise Associates(755481) needed for a Midvale retail establishment.  Will be responsible for assisting in the daily operations of the store,  merchandising presentation by rotating stock, adjusting prices, and displaying sale items.  Will also operate a cash register to itemize customer purchases and authorize credit/debit card purchases.  Assist with layaways and in the customer service booth.  Will perform other duties as assigned.  Wage is $7.00 to $8.50 per hour, depending on experience.
2200586514	Merchandise Associates needed for a Draper retail establishment.  Will be responsible for assisting in the daily operations of the store, merchandising presentation by rotating stock, adjusting prices and displaying sale items.  Will also operate cash register to itemize customer purchases and authorize credit/debit card purchases.  Assist with layaways and in the customer service booth.  Will perform other duties as assigned.  Wage is $5.85 to $7.00 per hour, depending on experience.
2200586515	Cashiers (755478) needed for Draper retail employer.  Greet and interact with customers.  Process transactions according to established procedures, bag purchases and thank customers.  Maintain area housekeeping standards.  Wage is $5.85 to $7.00 per hour.  Part-time positions.
2200586529	Merchandise Coordinator (755480) needed for St. George retail store.  Will assist in the merchandise flow process.  Move merchandise on floor to promote new features.  Monitor sales in each department.  Move merchandise or make changes in effort to maximize sales.
2200586535	Merchandise Associates (755479) for St. George retail establishment.  Responsible for assisting in the daily operations of the store.   Must be able to substitute in the areas of merchandise presentation, processing, fitting room, cashier, customer service, & lay-away, if necessary.  Will need to be flexible in job duties and hours to work.  Will be assisting customers, handling complaints, and greeting the public.
2200586459	Monitoring and assisting of school age children in crossing designated intersections within the limits of Logan City.  It will be necessary for the individual to be on site 45 minutes prior to school beginning/ending and then remain a minimum of 15 to 30 minutes after school has begun/ended.  Required to work set time frame; usually one hour in the morning and one hour in the afternoon.  Approximately 8-10 hours per week. Crossing guards will lawfully stop traffic using appropriate signs and equipment, serviceable to traffic flow and safely assisting pedestrians/children across the street.  All crossing guards are expected to instruct when appropriate, correct safety habits to drivers and/or children whom they come in contact with. QUALIFICATIONS:  Must be a graduate of a standard senior high school or equivalent. Must be in good physical condition, including sight and hearing.  Ability to judge time and distance in relationship to approaching traffic.  Must be able to meet job standards for reliability and dependability and possess a sense of responsibility for the safety of children.  Must be of good moral character.  Ability to communicate efficiently both verbally and in writing.  Must be able to establish good rapport with children. Must possess a valid Utah driver?s license and provide own transportation to job site.
2200586497	Part-time workers needed for a new retail store opening up in the Preston, Ida. area.  Will assist customers, cashier, stock shelves, clean up, and perform other related duties as needed.  Various part-time shifts open.  Store hours are 8 AM to 8 PM Monday through Saturday and 9 AM to 6 PM on Sunday.  May lift up to 50 lbs.
2200586167	Assist the Fire Chief with the daily operations pertaining to the Cache County Fire District and act as the Duty Chief when assigned, supervising county firefighting and other fire department related activities. Respond to fire related emergencies and perform Incident Command System functions as required.  Participate in department administrative functions as needed. Resolve conflicts that arise during multi-jurisdictional incidents and serve as liaison for all fire related matters. Issue burning permits and enforce state and local ordinances that relate to them.  Perform other functions and duties as directed or required by the Fire Chief. Desire Associate Degree in fire science or a closely related field and a minimum of five years of firefighting experience preferable in a combination of hazardous materials, wildland, and structures, or any equivalent combination of education and experience; must be able to speak, read, and write the English language; ability to speak, read, write Spanish is desired. Require Utah Fire Service Certifications; must be National Wildland Fire Coordinating Group (NWCG) Red Card Qualified including current Arduous Physical Fitness level (minimum Wildland FFII).  Full job description is available.
2200586019	Will be responsible for cleaning, inspecting, and re-shelving books and other library materials; organizing and straightening books and other materials on the shelves; checking for missing/damaged tapes; searching for missing books and other library materials; and carrying stacks of books, heavy boxes, and lifting and moving heavy items.  Will work part-time (approximately 18 hrs per week).  Will work morning hours between 8 AM and 12 noon Monday through Friday as scheduled.  QUALIFICATIONS:  Must have a knowledge of library circulation principles and practices.  Knowledge of the Dewey Decimal System.  Knowledge of the operation of a computerized catalog system.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with other staff and the public.  Ability to understand and follow complex procedures and guidelines.  Ability to lift 50 pounds.  Ability to reach existing shelving.  Must be age 16 or older.
2200586017	Teacher Assistant needed in the Brigham/Fielding facility; full-time variable hours, 9 1/2 mo/yr.  Full benefits.  Prefer CDA (Child Development Associate/National Credential Program) or Head Start volunteer with 1-3 Years experience with young children in early childhood setting.  Must obtain CDL within 3 months of hire date.  Bi-lingual Spanish/English preferred.  Will assist teachers in individualized education  to Head Start children as well as working with parents.  Full Job Description available.  Job closes Job closes Feb. 21, 2008
2200586292	Work on  a ranch and feed lot of 4000 beef cattle and about 200 horses. Farm work includes feeding calves, scraping corals, strawing stalls, cleaning, assisting with vaccinations etc.  Wage negotiable- more with experience.  Benefits, three days off per week.  40 hour work week.Also looking for a truck driver to pull a flat bed trailer.  Driver will be home every other day.
2200586301	Local ski resort needs part time and a full time security guards with customer service experience.  Duties: Guard, patrol, and monitor premises to prevent theft, violence, or infractions of rules. Employer offers a full benefits package, as well as ski privileges. This position does require working weekends and holidays.
2200586294	A downtown Ogden, full-service restaurant is hiring for Servers/Waiter/Waitress. Full and part time positions available. Duties will include taking food and drink orders, serving customers, and processing payments. Requirement: Enjoy working with the public, basic math skills; the ability to count change correctly. Previous experience is preferred, but employer will hire the right person.  Applicant will also be required to obtain a food handler's permit upon hire. Employer has strict dress and grooming standard. Evening full time position. Hours are from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm Monday to Saturday. Wage: $2.35 per hour + tips.  Restaurant is closed on Sundays.  Applicants need to be at least 21 years of age as alcohol is served.
2200586159	Take orders for food, serve, may help prepare some food, clean up. Must be available for various shifts including weekends and holidays.  Salary plus tips. Job is in Vernal.
2200586161	Wash dishes, glassware, pots and pans using a dishwasher or by hand.  Clean and maintain kitchen and work areas and equipment.  Sweep and scrub floors.  Must be available to work various days and shifts. Vernal, UT
2200586164	Daytime cashier needed to take  money for meals, gift items and cards.  Stock shelves, clean and find seating for customers. Must have the ability to count cash.  Work is for various shifts, including weekends and holidays.  Need to be available as scheduled.  Salary will be negotiable. Position is in Vernal, Utah.  Immediate Need!
2200586647	Desk clerk needed to work at the front desk at a motel.  Duties include: greet and register guests at motel; take money for rooms; answer phones and provide information; and all other duties as assigned.  Must have some computer experience and good math skills.  Must be able to work as scheduled including  rotating weekends and holidays. Vacation benefits available.   Afternoon and evening shifts available.  Job is in Vernal, UT.  Salary will raised after short training period.
2200586650	Clean rooms at a local motel.  Duties include: vacuuming; dusting; washing mirrors; cleaning bathrooms, sinks and tubs; changing linens and towels; and all other duties as assigned.  Must be able to work as scheduled including weekends and holidays.  Wage starts at $9.00.  Job is in Vernal, UT.
2200586654	Maintenance person needed to work at a motel. Duties include: minor repairs; shovel snow and clean driveways in winter.  Water, mow and trim yards; weed and water flowers; clean pool and monitor and control chemical levels; keep parking areas clean.  and all other duties as assigned. Employer willing to provide training on how to care for the pool and chemicals levels. Will be working Thursday through Sunday and have days off during the week.  Need to be able to work without direct supervision.  Salary is negotiable based on experience and starts at $9.00 an hour. Wage will increase after training period. Job is in Vernal, UT.
2200586506	Construction labor work throughout Sanpete and Sevier Counties.  Pick and shovel work as well as some equipment operation and support.
2200586189	Employer is in need of a experienced bulldozer operator to load and move dirt, rocks, and other material.  Will be required to have a drug test prior to hire.  Wage is depending upon experience.
2200586003	Information Alliance is now accepting applications for computer aided telephone interviewing positions at the San Rafael Research center in Huntington.  Telephone agents needed to conduct public opinion surveys over the phone on a wide variety of current topics.  Position requires accuracy in all work and excellent written and verbal skills.  Typing skills preferred.  Knowledge of Microsoft Word and Windows required.  Information Alliance is an equal opportunity employer.
2200586004	Truck drivers needed for local construction projects.  Salary depends on experience.  Work will be in the Carbon/Emery areas. Commercial Drivers License and clean driving record needed.
2200586006	Cashier/Stocker needed for Home Town Market in Huntington. Will be doing cleaning, stocking, loading and unloading stock and checking. Must be available to work various shifts and most Saturdays. May also be working in the frozen foods and any other department as assigned by the store manager. Bi-lingual Spanish speaking applicants wanted but not required to apply.
2200586008	Will work on counter and prepare food for Subway store.  Non supervisory workers.  This will also include some weekend and Sunday hours.  Hours will be approximately 20 hours per week.  Shifts will vary.  Must have good customer relations skills.  Job order is for future openings when needed.
2200586414	Carbon County. Driver needed to drive from Price to Salt Lake daily to pick up grocery items.  Will load and unload truck. Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.  Must have class A CDL, good driving record,  and be at least 21 years old.  Will work 4 days/wk (Sun, Mon, Wed, and Thurs).  Insurance available.  Salary negotiable depending on experience.
2200586227	Will be driving a tractor trailer with pup. Will be loading and unloading production water in the Uintah Basin area. Must have some driving experience.  Must be 23 years of age for insurance reasons. Will be working 6 days on and 3 days off.
2200586503	Senior Web Producer for a Salt Lake television station.  Prefer applicants with a bachelors degree in broadcast journalism, communication, related field or equivalent.  Previous journalism experience is a must!  Applicants must have news judgment and news writing skills with basic knowledge of HTML and other basic codes.  Must have organization skills with the ability to handle multiple priorities, work with other station departments and work a variety of shifts to meet station needs.  Previous supervisory experience is a plus!  Salary with benefits.
2200586678	Customer Service Trainees needed for a downtown Salt Lake City car rental agency.  Will help customers throughout the United States. Six (6)  months experience preferred. Knowledge in basic keyboarding skills and  the ability to type 20 wpm. Interpersonal communication skills and attention to detail are required.  Must attend a 3-week paid training class.  Wage is $10.65 per hour . Will work  afternoon or evening shifts, with weekends required.
2200586653	Preschool Caregiver needed for a Sandy childcare center.   Will provide care for 2 year old children and follow a preschool curriculum.  Employer is willing to train.   Must be able to lift up to 20 lbs.  Must have HS/GED.  Will need to obtain CPR, first aid training, TB test and food handler's permit upon hire.   Salary is negotiable and based on previous experience.
2200586571	Performs all or part of the following duties: a wide variety of street, water, sewer, parks, and other divisional maintenance work requiring operation of some of the following tools and equipment: dump trucks, backhoe, roadgrader, compactors, water pumps, mowers, power tools, sewer cleaning equipment, and other miscellaneous equipment and tools. Serves as a lead man on maintenance crews as assigned by the Public Works Director or Assistant Public Works Director. Repairs and maintains city streets, assists in the repair and maintenance of city water and sewer lines as necessary, assists in the operation and maintenance of telemetry and controls of water and sewer systems. Must have knowledge of methods, materials, and equipment used in general maintenance, construction, and repair. This job classification will require a certain amount of on-call (pager) duty that requires a 15-minute response time. Perform other duties as assigned. Must be a high school graduate or the equivalent. Six months experience in the operation of heavy equipment is required with some experience in the use of manual and power tools. Must have a valid Utah CDL or valid Utah driver's license to be upgraded to a CDL within six months of hire date. Applicant must be insurable, and pass a pre-hire drug test, along with random testing with CDL. Pay negotiable based upon experience ranging from $26,000 to $28,000 per year plus benefits. Work four ten hour shifts. Job closes 01/31/08.
2200586162	Carbon County Employer. Truck driver will be hauling coal from different locations in Carbon and Emery Counties.  Must have at least 12 months driving experience and a Class A CDL. Competitive salary with benefits. Health Insurance and retirement available.
2200586168	Price area. Will service cars and light trucks (changing oil, filters, brakes, alternators, etc). No tools required. Must have some experience.  Wage is negotiable depending on experience.
2200586674	Licensed Clinical Social Worker and/or Certified Social Work or equivalent in Vernal, Utah and Roosevelt, Utah outpatient offices.  Will provide individual and group outpatient mental health and substance abuse treatment services to adults, children and families.  This is a full-time position with excellent benefits including retirement, 401K, term life, health and dental insurance plus a generous holiday, vacation and sick leave allowance.  The salary range is 42,500 annually for LCSW or equivalent and $36,960 annually for CSW or equivalent, with the possibility of earning monthly and annual bonuses.  Possibility of offer relocation expense or signing bonus.  NCC is also an approved National Health Service  Corp Loan Repayment Program site.  Immediate need.
2200586541	Immediate opening for Prevention Specialist in Vernal, Utah office to interact with youth and adults in providing prevention and education services to a variety of community groups, including workshops, presentations, training and other alcohol/drug prevention awareness activities.  No formal training or college degree is required for this position.  Ability to learn new materials, communicate both verbally and written with various individuals and groups of people is required.   Duties will include developing, planning and implementing prevention programs in the schools and community with assistance of the NCC Prevention Team schools and other community agencies and groups.  Qualification include high school diploma; must pass Criminal Background Screening; must have a valid Utah Driver's License with good driving and safety record.  This is a full time position with a generous benefit package.
2200586517	Administrative/Marketing Specialist for West Valley Insurance Agency.  Will be creating customer accounts, billing and marketing.  Will be discussing home and auto insurance to potential clients.  Make appointments for the agency.  Explain coverage to potential clients on all areas of insurance.  Will help obtain Property &  Casualty Insurance license with the state.  Individual must be bilingual (English and Spanish).  Will be working with the Spanish speaking customers.  Looking for individual with good PC skills that wants to have fun!  Training provided.  Fun atmosphere.
2200586520	Express Personnel has a permanent position for an experienced inventory control specialist. This individual will be responsible for performing daily activities of cycle counting, resolving inventory discrepancies, reconciling reports, and meeting all expectations of the quality policy. Qualified candidates must have experience operating forklift/stock pickers, basic Microsoft Word and Excel skills, ability to lift 50 lbs, good math skills, and reliable transportation to and from work. Hours are Monday through Thursday, 1:30pm to 12:00am (occasional overtime will be worked on Fridays). Pay starts at $12.50 and company offers great benefits.
2200586682	Caring for pets during overnight shift (10 pm to 7 am). Monitoring each guest to ensure they have clean water and comfortable bedding. Cleaning and maintaining the PetsHotel. Solving problems and responding to all emergencies, medical or otherwise. Working with minimal supervision.
2200586333	3 years experience.  Must have a complete working knowledge of Quickbooks, microsoft word and excel.  Must have basic accounting skills, scheduling capabilities and excellent phone skills.  20-40 hours weekly.
2200586683	AUTOCAD Drafting + Project Management of commercial kitchens/food service  facilities. AUTOCAD is required.  starting wage is $12.00/hr
2200586488	Entry Level Civil engineering duties surrounding the following; public works, buildings, sub-divisions, drainage, traffic, road, water supply, sewage, and environmental systems. Prepare engineering analysis of projects to include: preliminary design, plan and profile, calculation, economic analysis, life cycle cost and equipment selection. Conduct surveys to gather field data. Prepare and interpret blueprints, schematic drawings, layouts and other visual aids. Prepare technical construction specifications. Review and critique proposed changes to engineering standards, policies, or details. Review development plans for compliance with adopted engineering standards and good engineering practices.  This position reports to Project Managers and Project Coordinators. Travel to other branches of the company as needed.Skills required: Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering from an ABET accredited University, zero to two years of engineering experience. Knowledge of applicable federal, state and local building codes and safety laws. Work requires advanced math skills, special relationship abilities, and the ability to understand problems and have good engineering judgment and communication skills. Working knowledge of CAD tools.
2200586498	Ability to understand computer program logic and manipulate programs to achieve system needs.  He or she ought to have experience using:  Graphic programs, Corel, MS Access, SQL, JAVA, Oracle, Minitab, and have a desire to learn our internal programs such as SAP, Config, and Material Master.  Candidate ought to have an in-depth knowledge of laser and traditional engraving.  He or she would act as Laser safety officer and be responsible for designing and building jigs as needed to engrave products.He or she ought to have an in-depth knowledge of etching processes and ability to learn more complex processes such as multi-layer etching to meet customer needs.This position would require some knowledge regarding printing.  He or she would understand the abilities and limits of different printer types including large format.An in-depth knowledge of production, cutting, and printing would also be helpful.He or she needs to understand lean principles and know how to apply them.  Six-sigma and statistics knowledge are also required.The candidate would build relationships with all facets of the organization: purchasing, marketing, product development, client relations, engineering, and maintenance.This position falls under the Tanner Improvement System (T.I.S.) team who are committed to product quality, process improvement, team development, and customer satisfaction.  He or she would respond to customer complaint, return investigation, resolution, and reporting.
2200586340	A locally owned and operated staffing agency is growing and has an increasing need for assistance in their office answering phones, conducting interviews, filling job orders, and all other miscellaneous office tasks. The work environment is very fun and energetic. The ideal candidate for this position should be able to multi-task, communicate fluently in English/Spanish, have a working knowledge of Word, Excel, Outlook, and other office tools. The work schedule is M-F 8am-5pm. The pay will start at $10.50/hr. Please e-mail or fax a resume as requested below. Thanks for your interest in our position!
2200586345	Armed Security Officers needed for security services projects in the Salt Lake City area.  Must have clean police record! High visibility public setting. Pay starts at 10.00 per hour.  Candidates must be professional in word and deed.  Candidates must have excellent communication skills and conflict resolution skills.  Management of Aggressive Behavior training will be provided as well as law enforcement level defensive tactics and weapon retention training.  If you are looking to go into law enforcement, Ronin Risk will prepare you for your profession.
2200586406	?Take a lead role on assigned products to assume design responsibility and discuss technical issues with peer engineers, technicians, product line management and customers. ?This position serves as a communications link between sites. ?Responsible for transitioning new products from other Moog facilities and maintain product design integrity and configuration control.?BSEE or equivalent degree in Electronic Engineering and/or minimum 8 years experience in design, project or product engineering, or electronics.?Working/technical knowledge of analog and digital electronics, PWB, CCA and testing of electronic command and monitor units or AC/DC high voltage power supplies, typically found on control actuation systems for aircraft.
2200586310	This is an opportunity of a lifetime. Really! You may see ads that promise the world ? but they could not touch what we can offer you. If you are looking for a professional atmosphere within a renowned facility where you are a key member, here it is. If you need a company that will offer a great salary, incredible benefits and a state of the art facility - we can deliver. We are offering you the chance to excel and use your executive or medical secretarial skills to their fullest potential. We have an immediate opening for an experienced medical secretary with heavy transcription ability. Some of the details of the position are heavy transcription, clinic follow up, scheduling appointments and scheduling of the Doctors travel and general correspondence. You will be someone with at least 3 to 4 years in a medical setting as a secretary doing transcription ? one who is great with time management, project accuracy, professional, detailed and self motivated.  Pay range to start out is $14.00 to $16.00 depending on your experience and is open for negotiation.
2200586312	Urgent opening for a medical transcriptionist that can start immediately. We are located by the University and offer a normal day shift, excellent benefits and a starting pay range of $13.00 to $15.00 per hour. If you have at least 2 years transcribing and are dependable we would like to talk to you right away.
2200586437	Under general supervision, perform corporate general ledger accounting functions.?Manage the monthly financial close process?Prepare and process journal entries to the general ledger?Prepare management reports and prepare summarized financial data for a monthly review.?Maintain COA and other system set-ups?Reconcile balance sheet accounts?Provide financial analysis, research and feedback?Other tasks and responsibilities as assigned
2200586439	NSL branch of large Int'l company has immediate full time opening for AP/Inventory clerk.  Must be dependable, good with numbers and detail oriented.  Weekdays with rare Saturday.  Full benefits.  Must pass drug screen.  Equal opportunity employer.
2200586436	Part-time position working with Club members ages 6-12. Hours are Monday-Thursday 1:30-6:00p.m., Fridays noon-6pm Duties include planning and implementing a variety of recreational and educational programs and activities; with an emphasis on the Arts.Skills Needed:  Must be creative, flexible and enjoy working with youth.  Must be able to meet deadlines and complete assigned duties.
2200586147	Must possess excellent public relation skills and cross-selling abilities.  Strong organizational skills required.  A background in a sales environment preferred. Must possess excellent public relation skills and cross-selling abilities.  Strong organizational skills required.  A background in a sales environment preferred.Hours: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. M-F
2200586155	Part Time Member Service Representative for Salt Lake area credit union. Must possess public relation skills and cross-selling abilities.  Organizational skills required.  A background in a sales environment preferred. Hours:  9:00-2:00 Monday-Friday and some Saturdays.
2200586308	Immediate opening for CSR for building supply company in the Salt Lake City area. This is an inside sales position. Duties include assisting customers, taking orders, entering sales in POS system, answering telephone calls, greeting visitors, handling incoming and outgoing mail, performing general office duties. Must be computer literate, know microsoft word, excel, have knowledge of building materials, and could have some heavy lifting involved. Bilingual a plus.
2200586543	Springville Residential Program-Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586546	(3)_ Residential Programs- Vernal Residential home providing 24-hour supports to  adults  with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586549	ResponsibilitiesProcures parts manufactured to company drawings in a timely manner at an acceptable cost. Negotiates price and delivery with suppliers as needed. Coordinates with internal machine shop and assembly shop. Monitors inventory levels to maximize turns without jeopardizing fill rates. Works with Product Development and Engineering to identify sources and provide samples. QualificationsCPM Certification preferred. Ability to read blue prints preferred. knowledge of manufacturing proceseses (turning, milling,grinding,casting,hydro-forming, etc.) EducationBachelor?s of Science degree in Business, Engineering, or related degree with one year of related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
2200586316	Join My Girlfriend's Kitchen, a rapidly growing franchise company. Customers come to our store and assemble 12 meal, in under two hours to take home and freeze!  You can be part of a revolution!  It is a new way for women (and men) to answer the age-old question, "What's for dinner tonight?"  If you are interested in joining our team, read on.We are looking for outgoing energetic staff members to help take care of our customers while they are assembling their meals.  Customers have so much fun coming to our store, and we are looking for staff who will help keep the environment fun and exciting for our customers.  Job duties would include explaining process to customers, helping customers follow instructions, re-stocking food, cleaning stations, answering the phone, helping customers schedule a time to come in, etc.We offer flexile schedules for day & evening shifts.  Part-time and full-time positions available.
2200586500	 Company-the leader in the recognition industry-seeks a creative individual to fill a Graphic Designer position. Must have outstanding conceptual design ability and knowledge of graphic design for primarily web-based media, as well as solid experience and ability in designing for offset and digital print applications.  Additional requirements include html and css coding plus Flash animation skills. Must have working software knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop CS3, Dreamweaver CS3 or GoLive CS2, Illustrator CS3, Flash CS3, Indesign CS3) and Quark; Mac experience preferred. The successful candidate will work in a process-oriented team environment, must possess good organizational skills, be detail oriented, and willing to learn new technology. Portfolio required.
2200586507	Stone Setter - Hours 3:30PM - 12:00 AMWe are looking for an individual who would like to work in a great team environment and is highly motivated to learn and perform setting of precious stones and other skills as needed. Requirements: ?Must be able to read, write and speak English?Must be able to stand/move?Ability to communicate with varying personality types?Must be detail & quality oriented?Ability to work with small hand tools. mechanically inclined?Must have good hand-eye coordination?Some lifting required?Must have good attendance, must be dependable?Must be a team player (flexible, willing to learn many tasks/skills within a cell)?Must be self-motivated?Jewelry Experience preferred
2200586527	Restaurant in downtown Ogden is hiring a part time dishwasher. Duties will include washing dishes, cleaning tables and working area and other duties as assigned.  Experience prefer but will train. Earns tips on top of salary.
2200586538	Red Mountian Residential Program-St. George Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586540	Spanish Fork Residential Program-Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586550	(3)_ Residential Programs- Vernal Residential home providing 24-hour supports to  adults  with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586178	Head Girls' Golf Coach at Uintah High School.   Under the direction of the school principal, the coach is to help participating students achieve a high level of skill, an appreciation for the values of discipline and sportsmanship, and an increased level of self esteem.  Appropriate experience needed for coaching.  Maintain team organization, discipline and good relationship; schedule & prepare for practices & games; properly manage equipment and supplies; assist with development of program; be an example for ethical behavior and moral character.  Assist with planing  and chaperone any out-of-town games.  Enforce and follow school athletic policies; assist with insurance, physicals and transportation forms; work with transportation director in making transportation arrangements.  Salary is per extracurricular salary schedule.  To apply submit classified application, resume, three letters of recommendation, a letter of interest, and evidence of coaching experience, training or degree in coaching, experience as a coach or advisor.  Incomplete applications will not be considered. Open until filled, first review of applications on November 26, 2007.   Located in Vernal, Utah. EOE
2200586300	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586145	Project Architect with proven ability to communicate verbally and graphically, and manage projects through design and construction. Potential members of our team should know how to work well with people and be able to lead and organize a project team. Have experience forging long-term working relationships with new and existing clients. This position requires a professional degree, three or more year?s full time experience, licensed, or in the process preferred; demonstrated knowledge and understanding of construction methodology, building technology and architectural documentation and detailing.
2200586150	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586186	Full-time position.  Will work under the general supervision of the Parks Superintendent and Public Works Director.  Irrigates and mows lawns, adjusts valves and sprinklers, provides minor repairs to mowers and trimming equipment, rakes, plants, transplants, sprays, trims shrubs and re-lays sod.  Removes debris from park grounds, cleans restrooms, paints facilities, weeds around trees and other places, burns trash, sprays for weeds and insects.  Must have high school diploma or GED.  Employer will screen for knowledge of plants and plant care, working knowledge of use of lawn mowers, ability to use small hand tools, and make minor repairs.  Upon employment, must possess a valid Utah driver's license.  Benefits include health insurance, paid holidays, vacation, and sick leave.
2200586670	Get paid to have fun!!! Provide afterschool direct support to children with mental health needs.  Training is provided.  You will need to provide transportation and community access opportunities, teach social and life development skills, and attend group activities.  Must have a valid Driver's Liscence and be able to pass a background check.  All those interested in personal and professional development in community and human services are welcomed to apply.
2200586666	Seeking Security Officers for the Provo, Utah area to perform security services during a major movie production.  All hours available to qualified and professional candidates.  Come be part of an exciting opportunity!  Although this is a temporary assignment (approximately 2 1/2 months long), permanent positions are available for those who meet our standards.
2200586181	Duties:?  Provides assistance, leadership and supervision for the tellers and new accounts personnel. ?  Assist internal auditors to ensure daily operations are in compliance with regulations.?  Balance vault and teller cash on a daily basis.?  Maintain ATM and coin machine.?  Order currency / coin weekly from The Federal Reserve.?  Perform teller functions (Process customer daily transactions).?  Open new accounts (Checking, Savings, certificates of Deposit and IRA?s, Safe Deposit Box rental), complete proper documents, obtain all necessary signatures and give all disclosures to customers.?  Greet all customers professionally on the telephone and in the bank.?  Recognize sales opportunities of all bank products and services, referring customers to appropriate departments as necessary.?  Have and Create quality customer service with both internal and external customers.?  Participate in bank and community events.?  Miscellaneous duties and responsibilities as may be requested.
2200586190	Employer is the leader in professional placement is quickly becoming one of the largest employment providers in the Southwest and growing at a national level, so due to this we have an immediate need for licensed electricians at one of our many Clients who require an exceptional attitude and a can do work ethic. We are looking for a 3rd to 4th year apprentice or journeymanMust have a clean appearanceMust be Self-Motivated
2200586574	The Shuttle driver is responsible for driving a bus or shuttle over any assigned route, abiding by all rules and regulations, and performs trip inspections, in order to provide our guests and employees with reliable, safe and timely transportation. The Driver will provide guests with information on resort services and event information. This is a temporary position working 12 consecutive shifts. Each shift is from 9am to 1am with a one hour break every three hours. Applicants must have a clean driving record, be able to pass a background check and drug screen, and present a valid drivers license.
2200586667	Get paid to have fun!!! Provide afterschool direct support to children with disabilities and or mental health needs.  Training is provided.  You will need to provide transportation and community access opportunities, teach social and life development skills, and attend group activities.  Must have a valid Driver's Liscence and be able to pass a background check.  All those interested in personal and professional development in community and human services are welcomed to apply.
2200586668	Answering phones, making reservations on the computer and completing paperwork for each guest. Informing pet parents of additional services offered at PetsHotel. Reconciling invoices and handling money. Maintaining a clean, stocked lobby. Handling questions and complaints from pet parents. Providing unleashed customer service and ensuring all pet parents have a pleasant experience at PetsHotel.
2200586020	Packer needed for a Salt Lake moving company.  Will be packing household items into cartons for moving from home to home.  Must be able to lift 50 lbs. Pre-employment drug screen & criminal background check required.  Must pass a physical.Wage negotiable with household goods experience.
2200586344	Provide a highly skilled and innovative engineering resource to assist in the concept, design and development of complex systems. Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in creative and practical ways. In this position your duties will include:A? Willingness to work overtime as needed and occasional travelA? Support generation design requirements of electronic systemsA? Prepare design trade studies for area, cost, power, reliabilityA? Support design of Analog and Discrete I/O conditioning circuitryA? Prepare electrical schematicsA? Prepare performance and stress analysisA? Prepare test proceduresA? Perform circuit card checkout and validation testingIn addition, candidates should possess the following:A? BSEE degreeA? Three to five years working with Avionic equipment is a plusA? Lab test, schematic capture and PSPICE experience is desiredA? Working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite of toolsA? Must have good written and verbal communication skillsSalary Range: $62,300 - $80,000
2200586441	Must have 2 years min. Security field experienc.Will handle schedule for standing sites.Fill in spots with call offs. Make sure info is correct for payroll and billing. Be subject to phone calls 24-7 for call offs. Will be responsible for making sure new hires are trained by Security officers and Management.Salary wage neg., premium benefits pkg, plus monthly bonus for low OT percentage.Must have an active Security UT. license.
2200586700	Clearfield company is in need of a Machine Operator with experience in Type 8 Encapsulation. This is in a Production environment, duties will be operating, cleaning and maintenance of machine. Will be working with powders (vitamins). Good math and machine operating experience required. Full time day shift. Hours from 6:00 am - 4:30pm Tuesday to Friday. Wage is $9.00 per hour.
2200586703	Our placement company is now hiring for a Salt Lake plastics manufacturng company.  This company makes sport court components.  They are seeking individuals with good driving records and class C drivers licenses to make deliveries.  These individuals will also be doing some assembly work in the  production facility, which will require the ability to lift up to 50 lbs.  Candidates will be able to pass a background check as well as a DMV check. These day shift positions pay $9-$10/hr. depending on skill.  Please send current, updated resumes to Kristeena asap.  We would love to assist you in securing these positions.
2200586718	One of the top pharmaceutical companies in the state has an opportunity for those who are interested.  If you like working in a clean environment, this is the place for you!Successful candidates are willing to sort through lines of product, checking for defects, abnormalities, etc., before processing.  Previous QA or QC experience is helpful but not required.  Because the company handles consumed products, excellent hygiene is required.
2200586723	Immediate opening for a full-time, permanent Administrative Assistant working for an international corporation located in Clearfield, Utah.  Draft, prepare, maintain correspondence, code expense reports, assist in creating budget, sales, and statistical reports.  Arrange trade shows, conventions, travel arrangements.  Attend trade shows as needed (2-4 nights per event, 2-3 times per year).  Excellent organizational, customer service and public relations experience required.  Proficient using MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Desk Top Publishing, Microsoft Publisher, Adobe Printshop, Access, Outlook, ACT.  Type 60+ wpm.
2200586293	A Salt Lake employer is looking for a part time Assistant Mechanic.  This is a light duty position.  Will be doing lube and oil changes on diesel trucks.  Hours and days are Monday through Friday from 12:00 P.M. to 8:30 P.M.
2200586730	POSITION: Accounting/Bookkeeper 30k - 35kOPPORTUNITY: Be part of the exciting Ski industry!  We offer a unique and fun environment!  Our excellent income and career opportunity continuously attracts the highest caliber employees. This office is growing rapidly and is looking for Individuals who enjoy a challenge and a fast-paced work environment.  REQUIREMENTS: Candidates must have prior accounting and bookkeeping experience and must have excellent Quick Books Knowledge.  An Associate degree is plus!   RESPONSIBILITIES: Duties include but not limited to: Keep records of financial transactions for establishment by performing the following duties.Verifies, allocates, and posts details of business transactions to subsidiary accounts in journals or computer files from documents such as sales slips, invoices, receipts, check stubs, and computer printouts.Summarizes details in separate ledgers or computer files and transfers data to general ledger.  Reconciles and balances accounts.  Compiles reports to show statistics such as cash receipts and expenditures, accounts payable and receivable, profit and loss, and other items pertinent to operation of business.Must be able to multitask, work at a fast pace with the ability to meet deadlines!COMPENSATION: $30-35kDAYS: Monday-Friday    8am-5pm
2200586733	taking care and loving 7 two year olds Training will be provided on the job
2200586735	Job description:You will help with patient treatment, instrument sterilization, and treatment setups.  You will answer phones, schedule appointments, remind about appointments, enter payments, file charts, misc. office work, and help around the office.  The Job is in Sandy, UTYou would work about 8 or 9 hours a day, Mon., Tues, Wed., and Thurs. for about 32 to 36 hours a week.Thanks
2200586737	Supervise and care for children from ages 6 weeks to 18 months old including diapering, feeding, and play, maintain good relationship with parents, and work with other teachers in the development of these young children.
2200586572	Passenger transportation between Salt Lake International Airport and Park City, Utah.  Company vehicle provided.  Great money making opportunnity!
2200586179	Testing Proctor/Tutor at Uintah High School; part-time, not to exceed 19.5 hours per week.  Proctor/Tutor will facilitate and track students' learning and master of Electronic High School courses; increase communication between the school and home to increase high school graduation; assist with administering school, district, and other assessments as needed; monitor and track progress of students' learning as measured by common and formative assessments; assist with attendance tracking in order to meet NCLB requirements; assist with tracking o student grades that will lead towards increased high school graduation; other duties as assigned by principal.    Position is open until filled with first review of applications on December 14, 2007.
2200586225	One of the top 100 fastest growing manufactoring company in the United States is looking for someone for inbound order taking calls for the company's products. Must be able to speak Korean and English very well and have good customer service along with computer skills. Position requires good typing and data entry skills. SHIFT: 11:30am-8pm MON-FRI
2200586544	Spanish Fork Residential Program-Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586545	Springville Residential Program-Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586328	This position is working with pre-cast type work (ie-heavy lifting is involved). Applicant must have experience with Shipping and Receiving. Will be in charge of preparing product for shipping to ensure parts arrive at the destination intact. Will be in charge of weight and measurements of pallets/boxes being shipped. Will be in charge of arranging freight/courier services (LTL, TL, or FedEx/UPS) with our preferred companies on their website or over the phone. Will be responsible for turning in Sales Orders once an order has been shipped or picked up. Will be required to receive incoming orders and deliver them to the appropriate department/area. Will be responsible for turning in Shipping & Receiving paperwork (BOL's and Proof of Delivery's) for invoicing and payment purposes. Bilingual Spanish (FLUENT English) would be helpful but not required. Hours will be daytime (7 AM-4 PM Mon-Fri). Pay will depend on experience but not less than $14.00/hour.
2200586444	Lead a sales team into a new market with a top of the line, high tech product.  Applicant must be proven leader and motivator and must possess excellent, proven sales skills.  General Sales Manager will be responsible for own sales goals as well as managing results of 6-20 sales people nationwide.  This position requires the ability to get results and motivate others to get results.  Work for a local company with the opportunity to control the market, travel and earn bonuses. Applicant must have resume and professional references as well as 12-24 months sales/management experience., the ability to lift up to 50lbs. and pass drug screen.
2200586644	Carpet Cleaner Manufactuting Company needs someone in thier Mail room as a copy tech. Duties include making copies of brochures,manuals, bulk mailers, etc. Punching holes in manuals and some computer work, deleting some addresses. Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. Working in the mail room. Will also drive company pick up truck for some deliveries and pick ups. Must have valid driver license and clean Motor Vehicles Reports. Immediate Opening!! Shift:9am-3pm M-F
2200586663	Material Handler/Certified Forklift Operator duties: unloading trucks by the dock, step decks, etc. Will also help with receiving duties, materials are very bulky (material is cable), 90% of job isoutside. Must have previous forklift experience and certification. This position requires a high attention to detail when picking or pulling orders; this position plays a key element to keeping the production lines running! Candidate should be self motivated, reliable with strong work ethics, Able to pass drug test and background check (no felonies in past 7 years).  This position is located in North Salt Lake City, will need own transportation.
2200586680	Duties include accounts payables, human resources and answering phones, processing time cards and some payroll. This person will be working with vendors and employees and walk-ins. They will be inputting data into the accounting system and tracking and reporting important office information. Excel spreadsheets are used and some Word documents.
2200586709	35 inbound customer service reps needed to take orders over the phone. Will be talking to customer ordering various products off of tv ads. Must have good customer service reps and basic computer skills. Several day, swing, and grave shifts available. Schedules vary in start times and days off. Base pay is $9. $1/hr shift and weekend differential and commission off sales. Reps average $12-$18/hr. There is also the option to work from home after paid training.
2200586714	To support the manfacturing processing department in liquid herbal manufacturing, including but not limited to:  Processing, blending, inventory control, bottling/filling, support material pick up, and other duties as required. Must be able to lift unassisted 50-75 pounds on a regular basis. 2 positions available, part time or full time. Must obtain food handlers permit.
2200586722	Trainer/educator for consultation and education.
2200586567	The ideal candidate will be experienced in handling a wide range of secretarial and executive support related tasks and will be self motivated and able to work independently if needed. This person must be exceedingly well organized, flexible and able to interact well with staff (at all levels) in a fast paced environment sometimes under pressure. The ability to remain flexible, proactive, resourceful and efficient with a high level of professionalism and confidentiality is crucial to this role. Good communication skills and attention to detail are equally important. Knowledge of MS Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook is preferred.
2200586569	Growing Salt Lake City company is seeking an individual for data entry.  Must have excellent computer skills. Bilingual (English/Spanish) language skills are highly preferred. This is an exciting, energetic work environment with an excellent staff and management team. Salary is commensurate on experience; comprehensive benefits includes: health, dental, vision and life insurance, paid holidiays, PTO and more!
2200586573	Will be doing general data entry and bookkeeping duties and other office duties as assigned by management. Must have efficient multi-tasking organizational skills and computer skills. Preference will be given to applicants with Associates degree. Will be required to work independently without constant direct supervision. Work references required.  Part time position. Wage determined by experience.
2200586576	Part Time Medical Assistant opening. Must be cheerful, reliable and punctual. Position includes taking patients back to rooms, filing, charting, assisting the doctor with procedures and treatments, some front desk responsibilities as well as other back office tasks. Employee must be willing to travel one day a week. Employer is willing to train the right person for this position.
2200586411	This person will proof contract yellow page advertising and ensure all contracts are entered into the company system correctly and quickly. Requirements:1. High School Diploma or GED2. Basic computer skills3. Close atttention to detail4. Strong interpersonal and problem solving skills5. Work well in a team environment
2200586413	Job Description: part-time position working with Club members ages 6-12. Hours are Monday ? Thursday 2:00-6:00pm, Friday 12:00-6:00.  Duties include planning and implementing a variety of recreational and educational programs and activities with youth.Skills Needed:  Must be creative, flexible and enjoy working with youth.  Must be able to meet deadlines and complete assigned duties.   Minimum Qualifications:  Must be 21 and have a valid Utah driver?s license and good driving record.  Criminal background check required.  Experience working with youth preferred.  Spanish speaking skills preferred.
2200586434	Job Description:  many part-time referees and scorekeeper jobs available, and one site supervisor position.  Hours are 5:00-9:00pm, Monday-Friday but willing to work around your schedule.  Minimum Qualifications:  must be 16 years old or older.  Criminal background check required.  Basketball knowledge preferred, but will teach.
2200586440	Under general supervision, performs corporate accounts receivable duties. ?Process weekly invoice run {print, review, fold, stuff & mail}?Process monthly statement run {print, review, fold, stuff & mail}?Adjust customer accounts for misc. & small dollar write-offs?Apply credits and payments to invoices?Assist with mail, filing and AR as may be necessary?Assist with various administrative details for accounting department?Other tasks and responsibilities as assigned
2200586451	Ability to work collaboratively in a highly charged environment.  Excellent analytical, oral and written communication skills.  Strong report writing and presentation skills.  Ability to organize and present findings to large groups of people.  Initiative and creativity to identify and lead strategic projects. Advanced PC proficiency (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access, SPSS, Lexis-Nexis, and Internet search engines)is essential.  Strong working knowledge of statistics, analysis, research design and sampling theory.  Must have the ability to think Strategically and be detailed-oriented.  Must have the ability to assess priorities and multi-task.
2200586521	General building and construction of residential homes. We are looking for quick learners and eager, dedicated individuals who are willing to learn or who have prior experience in the field. Pay is dependent upon experience.
2200586561	Salt Lake area employer is seeking a team player to help provide supports to a young adult male with disabilities at his place of employment and in the community in our "out of wall" day service program. Assist with transportation, problem solving, scheduling, and group activities. Have fun and get paid to work and provide a valuable service. Make a difference every day! Pay starts at 10.00, with benefits. Apply today at our Midvale office location.
2200586673	Get paid to have fun!!! Provide afterschool direct support to children with disabilities and or mental health needs.  Training is provided.  You will need to provide transportation and community access opportunities, teach social and life development skills, and attend group activities.  Must have a valid Driver's Liscence and be able to pass a background check.  All those interested in personal and professional development in community and human services are welcomed to apply.
2200586542	This position is responsible for providing sales reporting and business detail support for the Sales departments.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSRequires an Associate?s Degree in a related field and five years of administrative experience or equivalent.  This position requires a strong working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, and Access. Working knowledge of database (Access) programs preferred.  Strong working knowledge of SAP required. Strong verbal and written communication skills. ESSENTIAL DUTIES: 1.Compiles data for sales reports and analysis.2.Coordinates and assembles marketing direct mailings.3.Purchases supplies and prepare ?welcome baskets? for sales reps and distributors.4.Coordinates activities for sales reps, distributors and managers when they are in town.5.Coordinate catered lunches for sales meetings.6.Update sales figures daily, including display boards.7.Complete expense reports as requested.8.Interfaces with Purchasing Department to ensure prototypes are ordered and delivered on time.9.Maintains office supplies for Engineering  and  Sales departments10.Maintains sales and Access database.11.Types memos, correspondence, schedules meetings, conference calls and provides other administrative services as requested by Sales management team. 12.Arrange domestic travel for company personnel.
2200586646	After School Program-TooeleSpecialized After School Program providing community access, skill building, and socialization supports to children with mental health needs and or disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586324	OTR Drivers for a West Jordan trucking company to drive surrounding states.  Work full time, Monday-Saturday.  Requires two (2) years experience, a valid CDL-A license and age 25 (for insurance reasons).  Wage is 35 cents per mile.
2200586326	Looking applicates for a in-bound and out-bound alarm dispatcher. Provide proactive and reactive responses to any end-user questions and problems that arise in the central station. Provides quality customer service by focusing on achieving customer satisfaction, listen and making decisions on corrective action. Being quick, accurate and clear in all aspects of the job, whether dealing with the end-user, technicians or public services such as the Police Department, Fire Department and Medical Services.  Looking for somemone who has customer service skills, computer and keyboarding skills.  Has an eye for detail and can multi-task.
2200586018	GOING OUT ON THE TRUCKS WITH A DRIVER ASSISTING WITH THE LOADING AND UNLOADING/DELIVERY OF FREIGHT. MUST BE ABLE TO LIFT MIN OF 50 LBS. THIS IS NOT A WAREHOUSE JOB. MUST PASS PRE EMPLOYMENT DRUG SCREEN AND CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK.LIFTING REQUIRMENTS MIN OF 50 LBS. GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE!!!!HOUSEHOLD EXPERIENCE EXPERIENCE A PLUS, BUT NOT REQUIRED.
2200586177	Full-time Mathematics Teacher at Vernal Middle School with Secondary Certification with Math Level 2, 3; prefer level 3.  Demonstrate mastery of content area, ability to instruct students,  relate positively with students, staff, parents and community and other duties as required; maintain professional competencies through continued learning.  Application will be complete when you provide:  Evidence of college degree from an accredited institution with evidence of qualifications in chosen area of specialization; copy of Utah certification or letter of eligibility from the Certification Office at the Utah State Office of Education in area of specialization and in which you seek employment; minimum of three letters of recommendation, at least one of which must be from a direct supervisor; Provide  undergraduate and graduate transcripts; completed teacher application and an essay (maximum of one typewritten page) explaining clearly how you qualify for the position.  Salary per district schedule. Position is open until filled with first review of app's on January 11, 2008.  Benefit package available. Position in Vernal, Utah.
2200586265	School District has openings for District Level Instructional Support Computer Technicians.  This position involves installation, maintenance, and technical troubleshooting of networked computer hardware, software, and associated peripherals at all district buildings.  Implementation and support of technical training programs is also required.  Settings include public school instructional computer labs, classrooms, and administrative offices.  Travel to school sites is required, as well as telephone-based and remote technical assistance.Requires technical knowledge and hands-on experience in troubleshooting both networked Macintosh and Windows computer systems.  Experience working within an educational environment, with instructional software is preferred.  Must have a demonstrated commitment to professionalism, and be skilled in judgment, organization, and personal communications.Requires a High School diploma or equivalent.  Two years prior job-related work experience is preferred.  At the discretion of administration, work experience and education may be interchangeable.  These positions are Lane 7, 245 day full-time positions.
2200586005	Responsibilities include hand stuffing mail pieces while following detailed work instructions, data entry, verifying numbers, and filling out applicable paperwork. Candidate must have computer experience and pay attention to detail. Customer has performance measures and quotas to meet. This is a temporary position for the month of January.
2200586151	Consumer Service RepresentativeEmployer has an immediate opening for a full time Consumer Service Representative.This position will answer calls from consumers and assist with orders and warranty issues.  The ideal candidate must be well versed in customer relations and have a minimum of one year of customer service experience.  Great benefits, drug free environment, EOE/AA.  Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
2200586152	Part Time Member Service Representative for Salt Lake area credit union. Must possess public relation skills and cross-selling abilities.  Organizational skills required.  A background in a sales environment preferred. Hours:  1:00-5:00 Monday-Friday
2200586174	5 years installation experience. Must be self motivated. Have good attention to detail and able to direct 2 to 3 people. Must have a good driving record. Experience driving a Dandy Digger helpful.
2200586496	Applications are being accepted for a FULL-time grocery store freight stocker (24-32 hours per week).  Will work three - four nights per week - graveyard shift.  Will downstack and throw freight.
2200586513	Spanish Fork Residential Program-Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586537	Red Mountian Residential Program-St. George Residential home providing 24-hour supports to two adult males with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586648	As a salesman you would be responsible to sell cars. The program is a buy here pay here type operation and is the safest place to do business. JD Byrider has established business's accross the nation and we are part of the great support system here in the west. We need people skills in one on one interaction. Basic computer skills, friendly, out going, responsible and puctual. This position is a sales position with the finance company working next door to us.
2200586676	AutoCAD Detailers needed to produce HVAC shop drawings to fabricate and install ductwork in the most efficient manner possible.
2200586665	Looking for a fun and rewarding job? Utah County is NOW HIRING in its specialized Day Service Program for adults with disabilities. Work Monday thru Friday from 9am to 3 pm assisting individuals with recreationaal, social,and other desired activities out in the community. This is a great job for anyone who has enthusiasm and a desire to enjoy their work and make a difference for others!.  Must be 18, have a valid driver's license, an pass a background screening. Come in to our office Monday thru Friday between 9 am and 5 pm for an application and to schedule your interview.  "Creating opportunities for and with people."
2200586309	Employer will be having a job fair on January 31, 2008 from 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
2200586334	3 years experience.  Must have a complete working knowledge of Quickbooks, microsoft word and excel.  Must have basic accounting skills, scheduling capabilities and excellent phone skills.  20-40 hours weekly.
2200586452	No Experience Needed, Will Train!  Are you motivated?  Do you like talking to people?If so we have a job for you.... Base + COMMISSION (average yearly income is 40K)Applicants must be movitated and take initiative to sell mulitple media products, including on-line adverstising.  Work primarily over the phone with new and exciting customers'.PDC offer great benefits including medical, dental, vacation and holiday pay after 90-days.PDC is EOE
2200586645	Carpet Cleaner Manufactuting Company needs someone in thier Mail room as a copy tech. Duties include making copies of brochures,manuals, bulk mailers, etc. Punching holes in manuals and some computer work, deleting some addresses. Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. Working in the mail room. Will also drive company pick up truck for some deliverie and pick ups. Must have valid driver license and clean Motor Vehicles Reports. Immediate Opening!! Shift:9am-3pm M-F
2200586702	Our placement company is now hiring for a Salt Lake plastics manufacturng company.  This company makes sport court components.  They are seeking individuals with good driving records and class C drivers licenses to make deliveries.  These individuals will also be doing some assembly work in the  production facility, which will require the ability to lift up to 50 lbs.  Candidates will be able to pass a background check as well as a DMV check. These day shift positions pay $9-$10/hr. depending on skill.  Please send current, updated resumes to Kristeena asap.  We would love to assist you in securing these positions.
2200586736	Job description:You will help with patient treatment, instrument sterilization, and treatment setups.  You will answer phones, schedule appointments, remind about appointments, enter payments, file charts, misc. office work, and help around the office.  The Job is in Sandy, UTYou would work about 8 or 9 hours a day, Mon., Tues, Wed., and Thurs. for about 32 to 36 hours a week.Thanks
2200586704	Perform parking attendant duties including: parking of vehicles, cleaning parking garage, meeting the needs of our tenants and valet customers.  Clean driving record required, customer service experience; communicate in English, self motivated, able to move vehicles in and out of tight spaces
2200586705	To support the manfacturing processing department in liquid herbal manufacturing, including but not limited to:  Processing, blending, inventory control, bottling/filling, support material pick up, and other duties as required. Must be able to lift unassisted 50-75 pounds on a regular basis. 2 positions available, part time or full time. Must obtain food handlers permit.
2200586180	K-3 Reading Initiative Aide for Todd Elementary School.  Not to exceed 19.5 hours per week, voucher position.  Teaching certificate preferred but applicant must have minimum of an Associate Degree or 48 semester hours or must have passed the ParaPro Test.   Demonstrate the ability to  instruct students effectively; evaluate student to determine instructional effectiveness; modify instruction to help students become competent in the area(s) of weakness; work cooperatively with staff to insure comfortable and pleasant environment conducive to learning, encourage safety and good relationships; will relate positively with students, staff, parents and community.  Maintain professional competencies through continued learning.  Assist with Data Collection.  Application will be complete when you provide:  Copy of Associates Degree transcripts or certificate, transcripts to verify credit hours or verification of ParaPro test results; Three (3) letters of recommendation, one from a direct supervisor; Completed classified application; An essay of maximum one type written page, explaining clearly how you qualify for this position.  Positions are open until filled with first review of applications on November 30, 2007.  Position is located near Vernal, Utah.
2200586182	Sweepers for District Schools not to exceed 19.5 hours per week.  Knowledge of basic cleaning methods and safe work practices.  Ability to follow oral and written instructions, and communicate effective.  Need to be able to establish and maintain effective working relationships with other, exercise sound judgment and work independently.  Will empty trash, vacuum rooms, hallways, ramps and entry mats.  Clean restrooms and dust rooms and other duties as assigned by the principal. $9.00/hour starting wage. Start as soon as possible.    Position in Vernal, Utah
2200586188	Collect money from Companies or individuals. You need good telephone skills. You need to be able to use all office equipment, type, file, send letters and make and take phone calls. Spanish is a plus in this job but not necessary.
2200586295	Fun and great vitamin and hair products company, one of the top 100 fastest growing company in the United States, is looking for a bilingual admin(Spanish/English) will be doing data entry, entering distributor application in English and Spanish.  Will also do other admin duties such as filing, etc.  This is an immediate opening working for a great intenational company located in Salt Lake.  This is one of the fastest growing companies in Utah and has alot of room for advancement. Apply today!!!
2200586176	The Director of Learning and Support Experience will report to the VP, Community and will be responsible for the overall vision, planning, budgeting, execution and success of a world-class learning and support experience for Bungee Connect developers.With hands on expertise in planning for and building infrastructure, content, people and processes in software development tools industry, this person will be responsible for providing Bungee developers with the knowledge and technical content they need in order to be productive using Bungee Connect. This role will also be responsible to the development of an outstanding product support program and Help experience for the Bungee Connect developer community.The person we seek will have 5-10 years of experience directing and delivering world-class learning and support programs for software development tools (IDE) vendors with products targeted at professional software developers.
2200586226	One of the top 100 fastest growing manufactoring company in the United States is looking for someone for inbound order taking calls for the company's products. Must be able to speak Korean and English very well and have good customer service along with computer skills. Position requires good typing and data entry skills. SHIFT: 11:30am-8pm MON-FRI
2200586306	Prepare UPS Shipments, LTL Shipments, receiving, inventory, general warehouse, some assembly and painting.  Any warehouse or shop experience would be helpful.  Lifting 50-75 lbs.
2200586432	Rapidly growing medical device company with exciting new technology seeks Laboratory Research Technician.  Operating laboratory and production equipment including spray dryers, powder blending, sintering, isostatic press equipment.  perform specialized testing of materials and products using sophisticated inspection and testing equipment including precision mechanical testing machines, optical and scanning electron microscopes, x-ray diffractometers and FTIR spectroscopes.  Knowledge of mechanical testing and SEM characterization and failure analysis methods a plus.
2200586530	Customer Service Specialists are needed for a Northern Utah Valley employer to compile time sensitive information for answering inbound calls and warm outbound calls. Will be answering questions for potential customers, coordinate information with customers through e-mail or by phone, and help the team to achieve weekly/monthly goals. Must have a high school diploma or GED, the ability to type 35 wpm, posses good written and verbal communications skills, must be computer literate and have knowledge of Outlook. We have full-time and part-time positions available working Monday through Friday, flexible hours from 9:00am to 7:00pm. Hourly salary starts at $9.00 up to $14.00 per hour including bonuses.
2200586661	Will Train!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Serving fine meals or drinks at fun conventions, events and private parties. Servers need to obtain food handler's permit in first 7 days.  Prefer fine dining experience.  Bartenders must have alcohol card and knowledge to make drinks requested by customers. We offer temporary work, part-time or full-time, day or swing shifts: early breakfast, lunch or dinner shifts available.  WILL TRAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Paid Weekly$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
2200586298	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586338	AP, AR, payroll duties. Entry of invoices,filing, and day to day management of accounting office. Work with general manager and owner on daily base. Job costing and job detail reports.
2200586142	Workers needed in swine industry.  F/T based on 45 hrs/week with benefits (Health, Retirement, etc.)  Wage starts at $10.00-$11.50/Hr depending on experience/education with potential raises based on training plus a comprehensive benefits package bringing total compensation to $30,420 annually. .  Requirements: Good work history fitness test and driver's license and transportation to farm/work site.  Duties:  Sow farm:  artificial insemination, vaccinations, moving pigs. Farrowing farm:  Birthing, preparation of baby pigs, moving pigs. Nursery farm:  vaccinations, monitoring of small pigs, moving pigs. Finishing farm:  vaccinations, monitoring of large pigs, moving pigs.  In all barns there is heavy lifting, walking, vaccinations, and other strenuous activities.  Sterile environment - must shower in and out of facility.
2200586156	Backyards Inc. is looking for enthusiastic team members to work in our new retail store in Salt Lake City. Must be able to provide excellent customer service. Open Monday thru Saturday, Backyards Inc. offers competitive wages and commissions. We are looking for cashiers, warehouse forklift driver, salesmen and an assistant manager. Must be willing to work Saturdays. Previous retail experience is a plus. Full and part time positions available. Must be 18 or older
2200586166	Employer is a public charter school in Springville, UT.  We currently serve 675 students in grades K-8.  We are in need of an assistant teacher in the area of elementary physical education.  The duties for this job would include teaching PE to elementary grade classes, under the direction of the school's PE teacher.
2200586339	Electronics Support Engineer to support system hardware and software for various custom test, communication and imaging systems.  Additionally, this position is responsible for technical support to customers on operational or maintenance aspects of deliverables.Requires associate?s degree or equivalent technical training in electronics or computer science, familiarity with one or more of the following: reading and understanding electronic schematics, cabling and interconnection, hardware and software test and troubleshooting procedures. Some travel and occasional after hours work may be required, must be able to obtain a DoD security clearance; eligibility requirements include US citizenship.
2200586304	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586307	Generate specific financial reports, perform in-depth analyses of business performance, and verify the reconciliation of all G/L balances.  Assist in audit and budget preparation, helping to ensure the accuracy of all financial information.Our office is currently located in Bountiful, but we will be moving to approximately 1800 S 5600 W in Salt Lake City in the near future.
2200586322	Immediate Openings For Appointment Setters In Our Layton Office It Is A Plus To Have 3-6 Months Call Center / Sales Experience But Is Not Required. Compensation Is Salary + Incentives And Bonuses.
2200586023	CDL Class A,B & C Drivers needed for a West Valley employer.  Must be able to lift 50-100 lbs.  Household experience a plus, but not required.  Hours are arranged with the employer,  Monday through Friday with some Saturdays.    Must provide copy of MVR. Must pass a pre-employment drug screen and criminal background check and physical.  GREAT BENEFTITS!! Paid vacations, holiday pay, sick pay, 401k, profit sharing, as well as health and dental benefits are all available.
2200586229	Employer has an immediate full time entry level position in our Human Resource Dept. Assisting with payroll, garnishments, taxes, filing etc. Payroll experience required. Quickbooks, excel a must.
2200586231	Ideally position requires a Property & Casualty License; will consider if they have experience in Auto & Home insurance. Knowledge of Auto & Home market is a must (preferred agent ) Phone skills, typing skills, multi tasking, grace under pressure.  A permanent position with benefits
2200586302	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586317	A Salt Lake City-based online retailer is seeking a Direct Mail Coordinator to coordinate the direct mail process for multiple direct mail campaigns including assisting with copy editing, project status tracking, mail list creation, address cleansing, and reporting. Requirements: ? 1+ years direct mail experience in retail or casino environment. ? Full understanding of campaign management. ? Understanding and experience with data segmentation. ? Experience with MS Office products. ? Ability to automate tasks using MS Access. ? Knowledge and experience using SQL to extract data. ? Ability to create reports using tools available. ? Bachelor of Science degree (preferably in Computer Science) or equivalent work experience. ? Must be able to lift and carry 25 lbs. ? Detail-oriented. ? Quality English copy-editing skills preferred.
2200586404	Fastest growing moving company is looking for driver. We will train must have good driving record. Please bring in MVR from D.M.V.  Pay start at 10.00 per hour. Must be able to work weekends and hour may vary.
2200586409	NSL branch of large Int'l company has immediate opening for a Full Time Class A driver.  Local area, no overnights.    Must have clean driving record and pass drug screen.  Full Benifits.  Equal Opportunity Employer.
2200585997	Nightly cleaning of commerical buildings, empty garbages, vacuum, mop, clean restrooms etc.
2200585998	Nightly cleaning of commerical buildings, empty garbages, vacuum, mop, clean restrooms etc.
2200585999	Nightly cleaning of commerical buildings, empty garbages, vacuum, mop, clean restrooms etc.
2200586002	Working at large commerical building, restocking consumables, spot cleaning etc.Must be able to pass back ground check and drug test.
2200586299	Local deliveries in the SLC, Ogden and Provo areas. Job duties include making deliveries, pulling orders, boxing product. Must have a clean driving record.
2200586493	Industrial painter needed for local steel company, will be working in the painting department painting propane tanks. Must be flexible with shift, dependable and reliable for this position. Great career opportunity and benefits. Experience painting stainless steel or Aluminum.  SHIFT:5PM-3:30AM M-Thurs
2200586711	Under the direction of the Editor, the Bilingual Writer/Proofreader, participates in all phases of production of the weekly newspaper including: reporting, news writting, editing, photography, page design, proffing.  Must be fully bi-lingual-English/Spanish. Related Bachelor Degree plus 2 year experience or 6 years experience if no degree. Must understand Catholic Church ethics, traditions, procedures, and organziational structures. Must have excellent communication and computer skills. Must be willing to travel within the Diocese.
2200586717	Not receiving the advancement opportunity you deserve?  Consider this!  Resumes are being accepted for experienced encapsulation machine operators.  Experience in the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical industries with 1-2 years consistent experience in encapsulation machine operation is desired for an opportunity at a mid-level career.  Receive a better opportunity!
2200586724	Busy Family Practice office in Bountiful looking for experienced Medical Assistant. CMA prefered.
2200586725	Driver wanter for multiple driving jobs in the oilfield.  Flatbed trucks,belly dump and water truck,in the oilfield.  40 + hours a week with overtime available.  Great Benefits Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance.  Vacation after a year.  Weekly Gas per-diem. we are an equal oppertunity employer looking for a long term employee.  Must be able to pass drug test. Must maintain legal and accurate logs.
2200586729	Answers the phone and preform general office duties which could include some of the following:&#65279;  Provide verification and proof of insurance to Mortgage and Lien Holders. Sets up and maintains files on all new business accounts for auto/home. Gather information for new customers and existing policyholders. To be able to provides quotes on Home and auto and recreational vehicles etc. Requires ability to use computer programs. Aids in preparing annual review appointments for auto/home for the agent. Gathers information needed for the review including quotes, upgrade informtion and current policy information.  &#65279;Good organizational, phone, communication and work skills and habits are important. Must be able to work on your own without supervision. Wage is $9-11 per hour plus bonus's but really depends on experiance.
2200586731	Customer service in a photo copy store. Cashier, make copies, binding, laminating, job orders.
2200586734	Under direction of the Customer Service Manager, the Customer Service / Data Entry Representative will assist in entering and releasing for shipmentcustomer orders, assist customers who wish to place orders over the phone, and assist with other projects as directed.  There is no telemarketing involved with the job.  Time spent on the phone is either answering incoming customer calls or returning calls when customers request a call back.  We have a casual dress code and great working environment.
2200586343	Perform water maintenance work including repairs to mains, hydrants, valves, and wells.  This is skilled water maintenance and construction work requiring working knowledge of methods & materials used in water system maintenance repair.  Place barricades, signs & traffic cones around work sites to protect operators & public.  Excavate trenches & install shoring.  Lay, connect, flush, clean, test, repair, tap into & disinfect culinary & irrigation water mains.  Troubleshoot to locate causes of water quality complaints.  Read & update water distribution system maps.  Operate & maintain well pumps, hydro-pneumatic pressure tanks, & storage tanks.  Protect water mains & storage facilities from electrolysis corrosion effects.  Must obtain UDOT Certified Flagger within 6 months of hire.  Must posses or obtain Utah Class A Commercial Driver License with tanker endorsement within 2 months of hire.  Operator I - Must acquire Certificate I within six (6) months; remains on probation until acquired.  Operator II - Career progression; moves to Operator II when Grade II certification and system tests are passed and probation is completed.  Operator III ? Career progression; moves to Operator III when Grade III certification and system tests are passed and probation is completed. Required to be on periodic standby or respond to emergencies.  Physically demanding job, lifting up to 100 pounds.
2200586443	Our collections clerk has been promoted.  We are hiring a replacement to make collection calls and to provide customers additional information as requested.  COLLECTIONS EXPERIENCE IS REQUIRED!! Job duties also include customer service, answering phone calls, responding to credit inquiries, and other duties as needed.  Successful candidates are willing to assist with job duties of co-workers.  Friendly, professional personality is required for this position.  However, due to the nature of this position, the applicant must be self-motivated and assertive.  Computer skills are necessary.  Accounting skills are preferred.
2200586491	To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Applicants must be skilled in multiple aspects of web site design including HTML with CSS coding, JavaScript, web graphics design, animation, pdf creation, multimedia files, and user interface design.Knowledge of web site design tools, such as Dreamweaver, Flash, and Fireworks, as well as standard design software such as Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator are strongly recommended. Experience with ecommerce web sites is helpful.
2200586726	Answers the phone and preform general office duties which could include some of the following:&#65279;  Provide verification and proof of insurance to Mortgage and Lien Holders. Sets up and maintains files on all new business accounts for auto/home. Gather information for new customers and existing policyholders. To be able to provides quotes on Home and auto and recreational vehicles etc. Requires ability to use computer programs. Aids in preparing annual review appointments for auto/home for the agent. Gathers information needed for the review including quotes, upgrade informtion and current policy information.  &#65279;Good organizational, phone, communication and work skills and habits are important. Must be able to work on your own without supervision. Wage is $9-11 per hour plus bonus's but really depends on experiance.
2200586454	Rapidly growing medical device company with exciting new technology seeks materials engineer to perform a variety of laboratory experiments associated with materials synthesis, processing and characterization and testing employing statistics and designed experiments.  Work with specialized equipment including analytical balances, spray dryers, screeners, high temperature air and inert atmosphere furnaces, fume hoods and ancillary devices.  Perform specialized testing using precision mechanical testing machines, optical and scanning electron microscopes, x-ray diffractometers and FTIR spectroscopes.  Bachelors degree in materials science, chemical eningeering, Masters degree preferred.  Knowledge of various mechanical testing, SEM characterization and failure analysis methods desired.  Equal Opportunity Employer with a drug free workplace.
2200586570	DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Under the supervision of the Office Manager in consultation with Operations Manager, serves as Receptionist/Secretary Assistant. Assists in providing clerical, secretarial and other duties pertaining to the front desk for all Community Action programs (Support Services, Mortgage (HUD) Counseling, HEAT, Food Pantry, Food Warehouse, Youth Program.)Assists in referring and directing families and individuals to appropriate programs and staff.Assists in answering the telephone and routing calls for the agency.       Performs clerical duties to include: copies, routing telephone messages, filing, special projects, routing mail, etc.Provides coverage at the front desk in absence of Office Manager.Performs other duties as assigned.FACTORS: 1.Mental application: requires moderate to heavy mental concentration to complete above duties.2.Responsibility for contacts: involves moderate to heavy contact with public and other agencies.3.Working conditions: requires light physical effort; surroundings are typical of the average office position; some lifting required.
2200586657	Extrusion Department: downstream operator, will place the correct reel onto reeler & prepare for start up, operate reeler (manual & automatic); monitors the print & footage markings on the conduit, make corrections as needed;  will qc the proper puller pressure, check  for stuck cable, hot spots surface temp, print quality, quality of duct, check for holes, die-face build up on duct, loss of stripes, etc.  Requirements: able to do  shared lifting fo up to 100 pounds, climb ladders, hold conduit and drive nails into reel flanges, move from one area to another by stepping over and/or bending under objects and able to spend 12 hours on feet around hot machinery.
2200586660	Will Train!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Serving fine meals or drinks at fun conventions, events and private parties. Servers need to obtain food handler's permit in first 7 days.  Prefer fine dining experience.  Bartenders must have alcohol card and knowledge to make drinks requested by customers. We offer temporary work, part-time or full-time, day or swing shifts: early breakfast, lunch or dinner shifts available.  WILL TRAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Paid Weekly$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
2200586191	Looking for an enthusiastic and organized individual, with good people skills, to consult with customers, determine signs needs, and provide sign recommendations and quotes. Sales experience, attention to detail and consistent follow-up a must. Arts and graphics backround a plus, but not required. Hourly + Comission.
2200586143	Assiting  adult individuals with disablities.In various aspects of activities of daily living, nutrition, housekeeping, meal preparation, Personal hygiene. Postions available In Nephi, Payson and Orem
2200586330	Hello Transcriptionists. If you are looking for a professional atmosphere within a renowned facility where you are a key member, here it is. If you need a company that will offer a great salary, incredible benefits and a state of the art facility - we can deliver. We are offering you the chance to excel and use your executive or medical secretarial skills to their fullest potential. We have an immediate opening for an experienced medical secretary with heavy transcription ability. Some of the details of the position are heavy transcription, clinic follow up, scheduling appointments and scheduling of the Doctors travel and general correspondence. You will be someone with at least 3 to 4 years in a medical setting as a secretary doing transcription ? one who is great with time management, project accuracy, professional, detailed and self motivated.  Pay range to start out is $14.00 to $16.00 depending on your experience and is open for negotiation.
2200586335	Baker/Deli worker needed full-time to work in local grocery store.  Responsibilities include creating mixes, setting ovens, and making pastries. Will assist customers and make sales in the bakery/Deli.    Employer is willing to train successful applicant.   Wage will depend on experience in this field.
2200586337	This position will provide clerical support to the administrative staff.Hours: 8:30-5:30 M-F
2200586445	pretesting patients, ordering contact lenses
2200586446	Need someone who is outgoing, to work in a fast paced home and car  electronics store. No experience with technology sales is required, but sales experience from any industry is a plus. Full time and part time positions are available. Company will train you in all duties neccessary for job.
2200586146	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586153	Part Time Member Service Representative for Salt Lake area credit union. Must possess public relation skills and cross-selling abilities.  Organizational skills required.  A background in a sales environment preferred. Hours:  9:00-2:00 Monday-Friday and some Saturdays.
2200586157	Teller and loan experience necessary.  Excellent interpersonal and communications skills needed and must be able to work independently, have great organizational skills and attention to detail.  Reviews all loan files for proper documentation and accuracy; ensures funds are disbursed properly, lien wavers applied if applicable and loan package is complete; packages Fannie Mae documents; works with exception report.  Hours:  8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. M-F
2200586158	Full Time Member Loan Specialist for Salt Lake area credit union.  Requirements:  One year teller experience and some loan processing experience preferred. Must possess cross selling abilities and excellent public relation skills. Organizational skills required.  Responsibilities: review and verify loan applicants; process loans; prepare loan documents and disburse loans; cross sell credit union products to members.  Hours: 9:00am to 6:00pm Monday through Friday and some Saturdays.
2200586175	5 years sales experience. Fence instalation experience a plus. Own vehicle required. Must have good integrity, and be self motivated.
2200586341	Take inbound calls, answer questions about Employer, data entry, sign up new distributors.Must be fluent in Norwegian, German, or Dutch
2200586412	This person will key contract information into the company computer sytem and proof contract yellow page advertising. Requirements:1. High School Diploma or GED2. Type 60+ wpm minimum (Must be tested through DWS)3. Excellent editing, proofing, English and spelling skills4. Strong interpersonal and problem solving skills
2200586490	We are looking for friendly people who would like to earn some extra money.  We have multiple mystery shopping positions that we need filled asap.
2200586314	Local company looking for qualified welders to fill a full time mon-fri day shift position, if interested please come into our taylorsville office.
2200586559	Salt Lake area employer is seeking a team player to help provide supports to a young adult male with disabilities at his place of employment and in the community in our "out of wall" day service program. Assist with transportation, problem solving, scheduling, and group activities. Have fun and get paid to work and provide a valuable service. Make a difference every day! Pay starts at 10.00, with benefits. Apply today at our Midvale office location.
2200586681	Local office has an immediate opening for an Office Manager.  Must have experience in excel, A/P, A/R, payroll.  Must have good phone skills and be a team player. Salary will be based on experience.
2200586701	We currently have an opening for a Recruiting Manager to join our team in Salt Lake City. This opening was recently created by an internal promotion and we are looking for a candidate that can join our team and hit the ground running. We're looking for a candidate with previous management and recruiting experience who has good exposure to project management strategy implementation. This position reports directly to the Director of Business Operations and so appropriate creative discipline will be required to develop strategy and then to implement it effectively. Candidates must have a bachelors degree and 2+ years of recruiting and management experience.
2200586685	This position will oversee clients accounts (including support) of our property management software program.  Work environment is not a call center.  Each specialist will work directly with spacific, assigned client accounts.  Support includes answering support calls and e-mails directly from clients.  Position has responsibilities for utility billing.  The position also requires some clerical type work.  Skills required to proform this job include: Customer Service, Microsoft Excel, Excellent computer and internet skills.  Great opportunity within a growing company.  Plese do not even apply if you don't have any experience with computers or phones.  This job is located in Provo, UT.
2200586313	Applicant would be required to go to customers homes or place of business and handle small repairs of furniture, property damage, or other items that may have been damaged due to our moving crews. Applicant will also be working in the warehouse tracking equipment, operating cardboard baler, as well as other warehouse duties. Must have transportation & good driving record. Must also pass pre-employment drug screen and background check.
2200586684	Role model for pet care and guest service associates. Providing unleashed customer service and ensuring all pets and pet parents have a pleasant experience at PetsHotel. Performing guest service duties, as needed. Performing pet care and night pet care duties, as needed. Solving problems and responding to emergencies, as needed.
2200586707	Have fun working for a customer service company taking inbound calls and helping people regarding billing questions, disputing charges, account changes, and any other questions or concerns about their account. Must have good Customer Service and computer skills Training is 7am-2:30PM or 3pm-10:30pm M-F 5 weeks. They are open 8AM-10PM Mon-Sat, must be willing to work Sat. Shifts will start between 8am-11pm. Start Immediately!! Apply today.
2200586336	Receive incoming calls and schedule tour appointments.  Conduct tours of property and complete purchase contracts.  You must be a hard working, goal oriented person that enjoys nature, and is able to work weekends.  You will need to obtain a real estate license if you do not already have one.We offer: base salary, commissions, office expenses paid, clients provided, full support staff, financing and fast closings.
2200586407	This is temporary in length, estmated to be up to a 12 month assignment.   We are hiring senior .NET software contingent engineers to write .NET 3.0 smart client applications for internal use.  The team will be developing and supporting applications for a Portfolio. This position will utilize the following technologies (but not limited to):C#, Microsoft .Net Framework version 3.0 Composite UI Application Block (CAB) Smart Client Software Factory (SCSF) Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) Date access via nHibernate Microsoft Team Foundation Server Microsoft Blend, XAMLAt this level there are often opportunities for technical oversight and leadership responsibilities. Ultimately, the success of the individual engineer is directly tied to the success of the engineering team. We need people that can focus on delivering high-quality solutions, quickly.
2200586435	We are looking for a organized and detail oriented person to fill the job of shop help in our flower shop. Monday and Thurs 3-6, Friday and Saturday 12-6. (Please do not apply if your not willing to work on Saturdays)We need someone who is willing to wear several different hats and be upbeat about doing them.  We also need someone really good with Customer Service. Pay attention to details of orders, take phone in orders, help with processing of flowers, be versatile and willing to help where your needed,deliver arrangement (we have company vehicles for this) This job is in a fun and upbeat environment! If you are looking for a great job with an opportunity to learn some basic floral skills please email or bring in your resume. We are looking to hire someone fairly quickly. Thanks!
2200586508	O. C. Tanner is looking for a numbers-oriented team player who can manage multiple projects and tight deadlines effectively. This individual will be responsible for the daily management of quantitative and qualitative market research projects including, but not limited to: ?Communicating with clients, consultants, and the sales team concerning new and on-going research?Designing and testing online/paper/telephone surveys as well as focus group discussion guides and supporting material?Monitoring fieldwork?Sample management?Developing project materials?Creating data tables?Contributing to statistical analysis, reporting and presentations The ideal candidate will have:?Excellent communications skills (verbal and written) ?Strong proofreading and editing skills ?Strong work ethic and positive attitudes?Strong at multi-tasking ?Highly organized ?Extreme attention to detail ?Proactive - able to take initiative ?Excellent computer skills ?Excellent oral and written communication skills?Calm under pressure, thrives in high paced deadline driven environment ?Preference for teamwork?Natural leader with appropriate assertiveness/sense of empowerment?Ability to work with different people (personalities, skills, management levels & clients/vendors/coworkers)
2200586512	Understanding of designExceptional web-focused interaction design skills Solid Experience in XHTML and CSS (2 ? 3 years) Strong visual design skillsUnderstanding of JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks like jQuery, etc.Ability to conduct business analysis and define requirementsThe ability to lead through influence A relentless drive for results
2200586526	our placement company is now hiring for a local centrifugal pump manufacturing and repair facility.  This company wants to hire an experienced manual machinist to work with manual lathes and mills.  This individual will be experienced in pump repair and have experience with left handed threading. Knowing HBM and turret lathes would be a definite plus. Experience with diameters up to 48 inch and lengths  to 20'.  This is  a direct hire position starting at $20+/hr.  Any candidate with the above qualifications mixed with leadership and supervisory talent would be valuable!!!  Please submit your current, updated resume.  We would love to be your next employee.
2200586528	Courteously handle retailer and consumer questions by telephone and through written correspondence. Answer product questions.  Creates data base for telephone calls. Generates monthly call report for Product Managers. Retrieves library articles for concept products. Prepares research activities concerned with educational information for consumers. Organizes product information for retailer seminars.
2200586329	Employer is seeking a cost accountant with manufacturing and costing experience.  Duties include analysis and reporting on inventory costs, cost variances, and product margins; reconciling inventory GL accounts; improving inventory and COGS related processes; review obsolete parts; special cost studies; and other general accounting duties.  3+ years related experience required.
2200586534	Employer is a nonprofit organization that provides support services to children and adults with developmental and other disabilities, children with mental health challenges, and aging adults. Our purpose is to create opportunities for and with the people we serve and with the men and women who have chosen to work in this field.Employer is seeking a State Training Director to provide hands-on training and performance professional to provide training and support for its Utah offices. This position is located in employers Orem, Utah office and will report directly to the Vice President, R&D/Training.Qualifications and Job Functions include, but are not limited to:?Bachelors degree in Education, Human Resources, Business or related field preferred?Two years minimum training experience or equivalent?Strong skills: speaking & writing, teamwork, organization, project management, computer & software applications ?Course development & training program administration ?Additional qualifications & experience desired:oKnowledge of developmental disabilities/mental health programs oMulti-media and blended learning experience oBilingual (Spanish / English)oSupervisory experience ?Position will be located in Orem, Utah with some travel required?Salary range DOE?Other duties as assignedEmployer is an equal opportunity employer.
2200586536	Customer Service Specialists are needed for a Northern Utah Valley employer to compile time sensitive information for answering inbound calls and warm outbound calls. Will be answering questions for potential customers, coordinate information with customers through e-mail or by phone, and help the team to achieve weekly/monthly goals. Must have a high school diploma or GED, the ability to type 35 wpm, posses good written and verbal communications skills, must be computer literate and have knowledge of Outlook. We have full-time and part-time positions available working Monday through Friday, flexible hours from 9:00am to 7:00pm. Hourly salary starts at $9.00 up to $14.00 per hour including bonuses.
2200586547	(3)_ Residential Programs- Vernal Residential home providing 24-hour supports to  adults  with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586568	Orem based employer is seeking caring individuals to work with families and persons with disabilities. Provide direct support to children (or adults) which will allow people and their families a chance to function independently from the family unit. Assist people to access the community as well as build new social relationships with you and others outside the family unit. Have a job where YOU make a difference.  Apply today. We offer competitive wages, benefits, tuition and gas reimbursement, life insurance, medical & dental coverage for families, generous referral bonuses and a retirement plan option.
2200586575	Fresh fish cutter and packer will fillet, skin and portion seafood such as salmon, sea bass, tuna, and halibut. We can train the right person. The position is full time. Schedule is 5-6 days weekly (some Saturdays) and we begin at 6:00 A.M. daily; some days we work until noon, some until 5:00 or 6:00 P.M. Very good pay and benefits for Salt Lake's premier seafood distributor.
2200586649	cashiering, stocking shelves, food handling, keeping store clean, providing excellent customer service.
2200586651	After School Program-TooeleSpecialized After School Program providing community access, skill building, and socialization supports to children with mental health needs and or disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586672	Get paid to have fun!!! Provide afterschool direct support to children with mental health needs.  Training is provided.  You will need to provide transportation and community access opportunities, teach social and life development skills, and attend group activities.  Must have a valid Driver's Liscence and be able to pass a background check.  All those interested in personal and professional development in community and human services are welcomed to apply.
2200586327	We specialize in Office/ Clerical/ and Administrative personnel. One of our key clients is looking for Customer Service Representatives to join their growing team. This is a full time, temp to hire position that will cover all inbound customer inquires in regard to status of their accounts. To be considered you must have 2 years recent and steady employment in the customer service arena doing phone support and assistance. Experience with and working knowledge of the entire Microsoft Office Suite is a must. Experience within a credit card call center environment is a major plus ? but not required.
2200586321	Immediate Openings For Appointment Setters In Our Layton Office It Is A Plus To Have 3-6 Months Call Center / Sales Experience But Is Not Required. Compensation Is Salary + Incentives And Bonuses.
2200586511	Our placement company is now hiring for a Salt Lake Nutraceutical company.  The company is seeking a reliable candidate to fill the Janitorial lead position.  This individual will be responsible for cleaning the office and manufacturing areas, and will be supervising two other employees.  This position starts at $8-$9/hr. depending on experience.  This is a 6:30 to 4:30 shift.  Bilingual Spanish is preferred. Please call asap.  We would love to speak with you about this opportunity.
2200586532	Local hydrolic parts distributer is looking for someone with long term goals of working for a fun and great company starting entry level Warehouse Associate. Will be doing shipping and receiving, pulliong orders, helping in will call counter, assisting customers. Must lift up to 100lbs. forklift experience required and would prefer if familar with UPS shipping. SHIFT: 8AM-5PM, MON-FRI
2200586533	Employer is a not-for-profit organization that provides support services to children and adults with developmental and other disabilities, children with mental health challenges, and aging adults. Our purpose is to create opportunities for and with the people we serve and with the men and women who have chosen to work in this field.We have a network of hundreds of Direct Support Professional working with people with disabilities and their families to help create and sustain the life they want to live. This includes people supporting people in their daily living, providing companionship, foster parenting, accompanying to community events, teaching skills, and much more. People receive support from a few hours a month to 24 hours a day. Our team also includes outstanding specialists who provide support with behavior, mental health, speech and communication, counseling, physical therapy, occupational therapy, and medical needs.  Employer is seeking a Mental Health Therapist. This position is located in Orem, Utah office and will report directly to Clinical Director.Applicants must be licensed or eligible for licensure.  Supervision for licensure is available.  Job duties include: individual therapy, family therapy, group therapy, functional assessments, behavior plans, and consultation to foster families with disabilities and/or mental health needs.  equal opportunity employer.
2200586519	Accounts for daily activity by organizing and verifying information; identifying and correcting discrepancies; posting accounts; running and distributing daily reports; maintaining internal controls.Duties:* Reconciles daily records by sorting, organizing, and verifying activity records; identifying, researching, and correcting discrepancies.* Posts daily activity by allocating activity to proper accounts; entering new activity and settlements; balancing accounts; monitoring account codes; writing correcting journal entries.* Prepares daily audit reports by collecting and summarizing activity, settlement, and discrepancy data and trends; proofing and distributing reports.* Protects assets by ensuring adherence to internal control policies and guidelines.* Maintains computer system by monitoring system performance; troubleshooting breakdowns; calling for repairs; resetting system for next day.* Registers guests by obtaining or confirming room requirements; verifying pre-registration; assigning rooms; obtaining information and signatures; issuing door cards; verifying credit cards or obtaining cash; providing directions to room.* Maintains safe work environment by following organization standards and legal regulations; notifying security of potential risks.
2200586524	General building and construction of residential homes. We are looking for quick learners and eager, dedicated individuals who have prior experience in the field. Pay is dependent upon experience.
2200586658	Full time truck driver needed for the Salt Lake area.  Will deliver to established route, pick-up and deliver seafood products to stores and restaurants.  Must have 1 year related experience and CDL license with no more than on ticket in last year, no DUI's.  Some lifting up to 50 lbs. Salary is $9.00 to $12.00 DOQ.
2200586677	Performs a variety of duties to handle incoming calls regarding claims status, eligibility, verification of benefits, for all PEHP policies.
2200586495	Consultants primarily work with clients to apply recognition best practices to develop and execute effective rewards and recognition solutions. Duties my include:?Conducting recognition assessments and developing recognition plans for major clients?Assisting sales in qualifying and closing major opportunities?Facilitating program design sessions for recognition programs?Staying current with rewards and recognition best practices, theories, and conceptsCompetencies include:?Conceptual and strategic thinking?Understanding of management principles (e.g., Human Capital, Performance Management, Talent Management, Leadership, Total Rewards, etc.)?Knowledge of rewards and recognition best practices?Excellent verbal and written communication?Strong interpersonal and group facilitation skills?Analytical aptitude?Flexible ? able to work in a changing, fluid environment?Effective team player that can work with influence people who are not direct reports?Confident and assertive
2200586554	Reviews bid packages, buy-sheets and/or contracts to determine course of action to include sourcing, purchasing, expediting, de-expediting, and cancellation of requirements. Prepares requests for quotes, purchase orders, and purchase order change notices. Manages assigned parts to ensure maximum inventory turns and minimum inventory levels. Analyzes and negotiates favorable payment terms, pricing, and delivery for parts assigned. Researches, recommends, and negotiates sources for best practice procurements. Communicates requirements to internal and external customers. Locate sources of supply for procurement of commercial and military aircraft parts. Check for common part buys with other contracts, open bids and sister companies Generate, manipulate, and analyze data to facilitate best practice purchasing. QualificationsB.S. degree (Supply Chain Management preferred) and two years of purchasing experience or equivalent combination of experience and education. Knowledge of Aircraft parts suppliers and OEMs preferred.
2200586494	Industrial painter needed for local steel company, will be working in the painting department painting propane tanks. Must be flexible with shift, dependable and reliable for this position. Great career opportunity and benefits. Experience painting stainless steel or Aluminum.  SHIFT:5PM-3:30AM M-Thurs
2200586502	Our placement company is now hiring for a Salt Lake nutraceutical company.  This company is seeking a reliable machine operator. Preferably this candidate will be Spanish bilingual, but Spanish only will be considered depending on skill.  This position pays a starting wage of $8/hr.  The shift is 6:30-4:30 Monday through Friday. Please call asap. We would love to make you part of our team.
2200586447	Office Sales Associate for an Alpine Insurance office.  Will provide service and sales assistance to customers, take payments, follow up on leads, and market insurance products.  Ability to learn and apply product, industry and market knowledge to make professional recommendations to prospects and policyholders and to satisfy insurance licensing requirements.   Ability to create professional business relationships with prospects and policyholders.  Must have an insurance licensure or be willing to obtain after hire.  Salary is $25,000 annually plus commission to start.
2200586492	Applications are being accepted for a part-time grocery store freight stocker (15-20 hours per week).  Will work three nights per week - graveyard shift.  Will downstack and throw freight.
2200586505	Duties: Call people that have expressed an interest in getting a home business going. Read a script that will qualify the person to get involved with the program. Then turn the person over to a closer. When a sale is made the total volume will be split 50/50, and you will be payed a commision of that. Pay is an hourly wage or commission, the greater of the two. Individuals can make $8-$10 an hour if no sales are made. Individuals earn from $30,000 to $250,000 yearly depending on work ethic and phone communication skills. Hours are as follows: Monday 1 PM-8 PM, Tuesday through Thursday split shift 9 AM-12 Noon & 3 PM-8 PM, Saturday 10 AM-2 PM (Saturdays depend on volume during week). Must have some sales experience. This job is in Saint George.
2200586438	We are looking for a organized and detail oriented person to fill the job of shop help in our flower shop. Monday and Thurs 3-6, Friday and Saturday 12-6. (Please do not apply if your not willing to work on Saturdays)We need someone who is willing to wear several different hats and be upbeat about doing them.  We also need someone really good with Customer Service. Pay attention to details of orders, take phone in orders, help with processing of flowers, be versatile and willing to help where your needed,deliver arrangement (we have company vehicles for this) This job is in a fun and upbeat environment! If you are looking for a great job with an opportunity to learn some basic floral skills please email or bring in your resume. We are looking to hire someone fairly quickly. Thanks!
2200586442	Must have 2 years min. Security field experienc.Will handle schedule for standing sites.Fill in spots with call offs. Make sure info is correct for payroll and billing. Be subject to phone calls 24-7 for call offs. Will be responsible for making sure new hires are trained by Security officers and Management.Salary wage neg., premium benefits pkg, plus monthly bonus for low OT percentage.Must have an active Security UT. license.
2200586000	Nightly cleaning of commerical buildings, empty garbages, vacuum, mop, clean restrooms etc.
2200586001	Working at large commerical building, restocking consumables, spot cleaning etc.Must be able to pass back ground check and drug test.
2200586564	Education Coordinator/Employee Health Nurse.  Part time ? 24 hours/week.  Flexible schedule.  ACLS, BLS, and PALS Instructor certificates preferred.  Must work independently and have good communication, teaching and computer skills.  Current Utah RN License, 5 years general nursing experience required.  Start Date:  ASAP.
2200586671	Get paid to have fun!!! Provide afterschool direct support to children with disabilities and or mental health needs.  Training is provided.  You will need to provide transportation and community access opportunities, teach social and life development skills, and attend group activities.  Must have a valid Driver's Liscence and be able to pass a background check.  All those interested in personal and professional development in community and human services are welcomed to apply.
2200586192	Engineering Laboratory firm seeking an ICBO/ICC certified Special Inspectors. Certified in at least one of the following: Structural Concrete, Masonry, Post-tenstion precast, Welding, and or Fireproofing.  Other duties will include project management, customer relations, and office management. $25/hour depending on qualifications. This opening is for the Wasatch Front, St. George, and surrounding areas.
2200586675	Interacting with pet parents as you check pets in/out and providing unleashed customer service. Feeding and caring for guests. Walking dogs, conducting play times with groups of dogs and spending time with cats. Monitoring each guest to ensure they have clean water and comfortable bedding. Cleaning rooms, dishes and laundry. Maintaining a clean, safe and enjoyable environment for all of our guests.
2200586553	(3)_ Residential Programs- Vernal Residential home providing 24-hour supports to  adults  with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586712	Employer is accepting applications for a part time (20 hrs/week).  Victim Advocate Voluntter Coordinator.  Under the general supervision of the Victim Advocate Program Coordinator, recruits qualified victim assistance volunteers, assign follow up victim contact to volunteers, coordinates and facilitates training for volunteers.  Assist victims through the court process.  This position is grant-funded through December 31, 2008.  Must pass pre-employment drug testing and criminal background check.  Position open until filled.  EOE.
2200586655	- Vernal Provide direct support to adults with developmental disabilities in a  small residential setting.  Work full or part time. Hours range from 2:00 p.m. to midight, M-S flexible scheduling. Must be 18 and willing to learn. Need to have some interest in serving others, committed to working with a team,able to problem solve and work independantly when needed. Duties include: Assistance with social and community activities, schedule and ensure completion of goals and activities,notify manaagement of changes with residents, assist with personal care (medications, bathing, changing etc..) as needed. Benefits.  Paid Training.    Join our Team to make a Difference!
2200586656	Candidate will have experience in the assembly, installation and repair of truck bodies, aerial lifts and utility equiment.Qualified applicants will be proficient in the diagnosis and repair of hydraulic, electrical and mechanical systems.CDL or welding certification helpful but not required.
2200586659	- Vernal Provide direct support to adults with developmental disabilities in a  small residential setting.  Work full or part time. Hours range from 2:00 p.m. to midight, M-S flexible scheduling. Must be 18 and willing to learn. Need to have some interest in serving others, committed to working with a team,able to problem solve and work independantly when needed. Duties include: Assistance with social and community activities, schedule and ensure completion of goals and activities,notify manaagement of changes with residents, assist with personal care (medications, bathing, changing etc..) as needed. Benefits.  Paid Training.    Join our Team to make a Difference!
2200586662	- Vernal Provide direct support to adults with developmental disabilities in a  small residential setting.  Work full or part time. Hours range from 2:00 p.m. to midight, M-S flexible scheduling. Must be 18 and willing to learn. Need to have some interest in serving others, committed to working with a team,able to problem solve and work independantly when needed. Duties include: Assistance with social and community activities, schedule and ensure completion of goals and activities,notify manaagement of changes with residents, assist with personal care (medications, bathing, changing etc..) as needed. Benefits.  Paid Training.    Join our Team to make a Difference!
2200586448	Job Description:  30 hour position, hours are Monday - Friday 12:00 ? 6:00p.m.  Duties include answering phones, greeting club members and parents, and answering general questions.  Manage membership paperwork and reporting.  Working with youth ages 6-18.  Data entry, receipt and handle fees, tracking and following up on payments.  Duties as assigned.  Skills Needed:  Must have good computer and organizational skills.  Must be positive, flexible and enjoy working with youth.  Must be able to meet deadlines and complete assigned duties.  Minimum Qualifications:  Must be 18 or older with a valid Utah driver?s license and good driving record.  Criminal background check required.  Experience working with youth preferred.  Spanish speaking skills preferred.
2200586453	Must be able to lift/carry up to 50lbs.  Must be able to stand for the entire shift.  Help team members to meet the productivity rate.   Have a good understanding of the check-do-verify quality system.  Must be open to change and supportive of change.  Willing to learn International Shipping processes.  Cross train and work in other areas as required.Day Shift Position - 7:00am - 3:30pm
2200586465	This position requires the following:?Working software knowledge of Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator and Flash?Knowledge of Microsoft Office products and pc navigation?Solid knowledge of four-color printing process, be able to pre-flight, collect files, perform press checks and collaborate with print vendors?Knowledge of employers systems including Configurator?Possess good organizational skills and be detail oriented?Portfolio required
2200586489	Demonstrated ability to successfully sell complex solutions?Demonstrated experience creating marketing materials, strategies, and campaigns?Demonstrated ability to work with multi-cultural customers and employees?Bachelor?s degree or equivalent experience?Requires excellent written and oral communication skills?Significant travel may be required ? mostly within North America
2200586342	Motivated office assistant needed for small, fast-growing company. Flexible work hours in a positive, professional, and dynamic work environment. Students may apply. Position can be P/T or F/T w/ other duties in company. Knowledge in QuickBooks, MS Word and Excel preferred but will train a fast learner; college degree and/or MS Access a plus. Office duties can include assisting in billing, payroll, A/R & A/P, accounts reconciliation, taxes, answering phones, purchasing supplies, and misc office projects. Requires good interpersonal & organizational skills.
2200586405	?Plan, coordinate and supervise work pertaining to buildings, grounds and facilities as performed by employees and outside contractors, pertaining to work place environmental working conditions of employees, outside facilities department such as office moves from one area to another, concerns as to heating, lighting and other comfort considerations with minimum disruption?Draw plans using Auto Cad and write specifications to define the scope of work to be performed, materials to be used, specification and application of controls, state the general contract provisions, etc.*Use knowledge of the state and federal regulations in areas such as OSHA (safety), EPA (environmental), RCRA (hazardous waste) and Soil/Ground Water Remediation as it pertains to assignments throughout the various plant engineering assignments.?BS degree, prefer electrical engineering, in a related field or equivalent experience and a minimum of 7 years additional experience.?CAD design skills for layout?Know and understand building codes, electrical codes, fire codes, etc.?Understand and possess an engineering and practical working knowledge of materials, systems, workmanship, etc. ?Working knowledge of construction laws as regards to safety, contracts, disputes, building governmental regulations, contractor owner relationships, workers compensation laws, liabilities, etc.
2200586501	Duties: Call people that have expressed an interest in getting a home business going. Read a script that will qualify the person to get involved with the program. Then turn the person over to a closer. When a sale is made the total volume will be split 50/50, and you will be payed a commision of that. Pay is an hourly wage or commission, the greater of the two. Individuals can make $8-$10 an hour if no sales are made. Individuals earn from $30,000 to $200,000 yearly depending on work ethic and phone communication skills. Hours are as follows: Monday 1 PM-9 PM, Tuesday, Wednesday and, Thursday 1 PM-8 PM or 9 AM-6 PM, Friday 9 AM-3 PM, Saturday 10 AM-2 PM (Saturdays depend on volume during week). Must have some sales experience. This job is in American Fork. Moving soon to Draper (first exit over the point of the mountain), 10 minutes from American Fork.
2200586556	Registration Clerk.  Physician's office.  Full time ? 40 hours/week.  Monday through Friday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.  Prior front office experience in a physician?s office preferred.  Strong working knowledge of computer applications, excellent telephone and customer service skills.  Expert communication, organization and interpersonal skills a must.  Must maintain a positive cooperative rapport with fellow associates and patients.Start Date:  ASAP.
2200586560	Medical Assistant.  Full time ? 40 hours/week.  Monday through Friday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.  Must be hardworking, have excellent communication skills.  Must maintain a positive cooperative rapport with fellow associates and patients.  Must be able to multi-task and be self motivated.  Requires proof of completion from an accredited Medical Assistant program and have previous medical assistant experience.  Must have current CPR/BLS certification.  Start Date:  ASAP.
2200586577	Candidate will have experience in the assembly, installation and repair of truck bodies, aerial lifts and utility equiment.Qualified applicants will be proficient in the diagnosis and repair of hydraulic, electrical and mechanical systems.CDL or welding certification helpful but not required.
2200586679	POSITION OBJECTIVE:   Help the Programming Department make full contributions to the successful accomplishment of KSL Television?s strategic plan.  Provide programming assistance and organizational supports to ensure that the department runs smoothly.   Within the department, work closely with Programming, Local Programming, Technical Operations, and Production Services to assure good communication on all projects.
2200586552	Registration Clerk.  Physician's office.  Full time ? 32 hours/week.  Monday through Thursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.  Prior front office experience in a physician?s office preferred.  Strong working knowledge of computer applications, excellent telephone and customer service skills.  Expert communication, organization and interpersonal skills a must.  Must maintain a positive cooperative rapport with fellow associates and patients.Start Date:  ASAP.
2200586557	Large Utah agency is seeking a Master's Level Behaviorist to support specialized foster and host families that serve children and adults with disabilities and mental health needs. Must be working towards BCBA. Some travel required. Position will office in Orem, Utah or Salt Lake / Ogden if desired. Experience with children/ disabilities/ mental health is needed.  Strong person-centered philosophy and ability to work in  diverse , intergrated, and multi-disciplinary team enviroments required. Salary is negotiable as is schedule and location.
2200586562	Non-profit human services organization is seeking an office assistant for accounts payable, accounts receivable and other clerical duties. Must have accounting experience with excellent computer and telephone skills. Must be self-motivated and assertive. Must pass pre-employment drug test and criminal background check.
2200586652	Utah County; Supportive Living, Afterschool, and Respite Programs- Working with children and adults with disabilities or mental health needs. Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, or assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities and mental health needs, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586504	A Performance Specialist has close contact with various Clients and Sales Offices and is responsible for configuration, implementation and maintenance of our Recognition@Work(TM) programs.Essential Duties & Responsibilities:Project Management and consistent follow throughAbility to read and comprehend instructions, lengthy correspondence, and memosExcellent verbal and written communication skills requiredOutstanding interpersonal/telephone communication skills, pleasant phone voicePC and software applications: knowledge for spreadsheet analysis and word processing. Proficient with web based applicationsAbility to organize and deliver information in a group setting
2200586531	Local hydrolic parts distributer is looking for someone with long term goals of working for a fun and great company starting entry level Warehouse Associate. Will be doing shipping and receiving, pulliong orders, helping in will call counter, assisting customers. Must lift up to 100lbs. forklift experience required and would prefer if familar with UPS shipping. SHIFT: 8AM-5PM, MON-FRI
2200586551	Duties: sort and route freight, including lifting boxes and bags into and out of containers and off and on moving belts. Selected applicants will be required to wear approved safety footwear; must be able to stoop, bend, twist, crawl, stretch, read and stand in small spaces; communicate effectively and in English; utilize hand and eye coordination; work in adverse/outdoor conditions; regularly/constantly lift objects weighting various amounts up to 35 lbs. without assistance.Position lasts through January 31, 2008.
2200586230	Employer has an IMMEDIATE OPENING for a receptionist. Applicants must have their own transportation and be reliable!! Receptionist answers a busy switchboard for incoming technical calls from customers neededing service with their satelite systems, then documenting calls and transferring them to a tech representative. Must be able to multi-task. Excel is a must! Long term day shift only! Mon-Fri 8:00-5:00
2200586408	Sells entire product line of nutritional/ food supplement products, as well as new products, to retailers/buyers. Determines customer needs and sales potential.  Sell mainly to existing accounts with health food stores as well as some cold-calling to set up new customer accounts.  Develops customer relations through educating customers and retailers as to the company?s products, services, and prices.  Answers customer?s questions and handles customer service situations when applicable.  Prepares reports of business transaction and keeps expense accounts.  Works effectively and efficiently with a sales team to expand and serve our customer base.  Identifies areas of growth within assigned accounts and works with buyers to accomplish growth.  Identify areas of growth within assigned accounts and works with buyers to accomplish growth.  Participate in monthly sales representative teleconferences, regional meetings, and annual meetings.
2200586563	Salt Lake area employer is seeking a team player to help provide supports to a young adult male with disabilities at his place of employment and in the community in our "out of wall" day service program. Assist with transportation, problem solving, scheduling, and group activities. Have fun and get paid to work and provide a valuable service. Make a difference every day! Pay starts at 10.00, with benefits. Apply today at our Midvale office location.
2200586578	Employer is looking for a talented and industrious estimator able to bid jobs in all phases of underground utility and roadway construction work. Candidates must have five years experience in estimating, negotiating, scheduling, and project management.  Experience with estimating and scheduling software required, preferably HCSS (Heavy Construction Software System), Primavera, as well as the Microsoft Office Suite.  Include references, salary range, software experience, and proof of successful bids when applying.  Salary will be commensurate with experience.  Great benefits including medical, dental, life insurance, long term disability, and 401k with a discretionary employer match.
2200586664	Looking for a fun and rewarding job? Utah County is NOW HIRING in its specialized Day Service Program for adults with disabilities. Work Monday thru Friday from 9am to 3 pm assisting individuals with recreationaal, social,and other desired activities out in the community. This is a great job for anyone who has enthusiasm and a desire to enjoy their work. Must be 18, have a valid driver's license, an pass a background screening. Come in to our officeMonday thru Friday between 10 am and 4pm for an application and  interview.  "Creating opportunities for and with people."
2200586706	Leading Speciality Production company in Salt Lake is in need of someone career minded to work in the warehouse, loading and unloading containers, pick orders, cycle counting, shipping and receiving, and inventory. Forklift exp. a plus, not required, will certify. Lifting up to 50 lbs. Seeking a hard working person to grow with company. More concerned about attitude and ability. Needs someone who is a go getter and a leader, will eventually move into a lead role. Great Career opportunity and advancements, good benefits upon hire. SHIFT:8:30am-5pm M-F
2200586710	Part-time Bookkeeper wanted for Property Management Company; Experience in Accounts Payable, Account Receivable; Experience with Excell/Word; Abilities to manage on-site managers; Good Work Environment; Very detail oriented
2200586720	A growing natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking professionals to operate tabulation machines in their facility.  Have machine operation experience and enjoy a fast paced environment?  Picture this!  Tasks include light maintenance and configuration of the machinery, progress documentation, and reporting.
2200586721	One of the top pharmaceutical companies in the state has an opportunity for those who are interested.  If you like working in a clean environment, this is the place for you!Our client is looking for heavy lifters willing to measure raw materials for processing.  The most successful candidates have excellent math skills, high attention to detail and able to withstand a changing environment.  Because the work consists of consumed products, excellent hygiene is required.
2200586727	Answers the phone and preform general office duties which could include some of the following:&#65279;  Provide verification and proof of insurance to Mortgage and Lien Holders. Sets up and maintains files on all new business accounts for auto/home. Gather information for new customers and existing policyholders. To be able to provides quotes on Home and auto and recreational vehicles etc. Requires ability to use computer programs. Aids in preparing annual review appointments for auto/home for the agent. Gathers information needed for the review including quotes, upgrade informtion and current policy information.  &#65279;Good organizational, phone, communication and work skills and habits are important. Must be able to work on your own without supervision. Wage is $9-11 per hour plus bonus's but really depends on experiance.
2200586144	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586171	This position is an experienced Systems Engineer with an expertise in clustering technologies.  The candidate will be using leading edge technologies and techniques to help build the next generation 24/7 on-demand application delivery system.  The candidate will be responsible for designing, building, maintaining, and improving Bungee Labs distributed fault-tolerant delivery system utilizing the latest in server technologies.  The ideal candidate will have a knack for distributed architectures with a focus on making them secure and scalable from the ground up.
2200586172	0-1 years experience or will train the right person. must be a self motivator. Must be computer literate and able to read a tape measure. Must be a good problem solver.
2200586173	Employer seeks a technology evangelist to help change the web development industry. If you are passionate about web technology, you love developing software using web API?s with a cutting-edge development platform, and you thrive on sharing your knowledge with fellow developers, then employer wants to meet you.As a developer evangelist, your responsibilities will require you to become a domain expert in developing sophisticated web applications with company. You will actively engage with a growing community of developers on an individual and group basis, providing them leadership, education and inspiration. You will work in various forms of social media, including blogs, forums, podcasts, and IRC. You will create compelling presentations, delivering them both in person and through WebEx. You will coordinate with product management, engineering and marketing to advocate the needs of the Bungee Connect Developer Network (BCDN). You will contribute directly to the growth and vibrance of the BCDN from its early stages to a thriving, collaborative and loyal community of passionate web developers. You will build a reputation for your technical ability and excellence, and your passion and effectiveness to help others succeed at creating the next generation of web-based applications.
2200586183	Instructional Aide for Computer Assisted Learning Lab at Vernal Junior High School.  19.5 hours per week, no benefits, $9.59/hour.  Aide will facililtate students' learning on tutorial-based software in computer room; facilitate studetns' learning of Electronic High School courses; monirot and track progress of students' learning; monitor open computer lab after school; assist in making copies for teachers; assist with attendance tracking; assist with tracking of student grades; other duties as assigned by teacher or principal.  High school Diploma required; associates degree or 48 hours of semester college credit or must have passed the ParaPro test.  If not, then must be willing to take and pass ParaPro test immediately upon hire.  Successful experience working with chidren at risk; good general knowledge of science, math, language arts.  Application packet must include completed USD classified application, cover letter explaining qualifications and interest in position; resume; three letters of recommendation (preferably one from direct supervisor); copies of transcripts or certificates to verify qualifications.  Incomplete applications will not be considered.  Position is open until filled.
2200586184	Full-time teacher aide for Adult Education, 40 hours per week.  Will assist Adult Ed Night School Students under direction of teacher.  Need to have basic computer skills and work well with students.  Will promote a positive learning environment.   Voucher position with  no benefits.   High School Diploma required. Your application will be complete when you provide: a completed classified application with resume,  a short cover letter  explaining your qualifications and interest in this position;  and  3 letters of recommendation.  INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED.  Beginning date as soon as possible.  Position is in Vernal, Utah.
2200586303	A safety and Loss Prevention Lead is needed in the Alarm Division of the Maintenance Department.  This position is under the supervision of the Director of Maintenance Services and Safety Coordinator.  This 12 month, lane 10 position requires a high school diploma or equivalent.  A minimum one year related supervisory experience preferred.  Requires ability to troubleshoot and diagnose necessary electrical, plumbing and heating needs at local sites.  Must be familiar with surveillance cameras operations and have a background in building security and alarm systems.  The Lead would be on-call 24/7.  Duties include responding to alarm drops, monitoring security cameras, writing work orders, and working closely with maintenance alarm technicians to repair alarm problems.  Incumbent will be the liaison between the local police/fire departments and Jordan School District.  Excellent supervisory skills and ability to communicate clearly and professionally are required.  Shift work, including afternoons, evenings, weekends, and holidays is required.The Administration reserves the right to require specific training for this position.  However, depending upon the type and quality of prior work experience, some exchanges can be made between training and experience.
2200586315	The Team Leader position oversees the day-to-day production processes and employees of a specific department within the company, while completing their production assignments during the day.<br><br>Essential Duties:<br>* Contribute to and Carry out department manager's daily production plan<br>* Review departmental numbers and recommend plans to manager<br>* Ensure employees have work and are performing assigned duties<br>* Write and deliver employee evalutations<br>* Oversee housekeeping, cross-training, employee development, and team communication<br>* Ensure quality of product<br><br>Candidates must:<br>* Have ability and experience to lead and motivate groups of 15-20<br>* Possess ability to delegate, assign, and hold employees accountable<br>* Demonstrate good organizational skills<br>* Possess good verbal and written communication<br>* Be able to learn quickly and implement what has been learned<br><br>Bilingual English/Spanish a plus
2200586325	A manufacturer of circuit board assemblies, is hiring for the SHIPPING/RECEIVING department.  Responsibilities will include packaging, shipping, and invoicing product as well as receiving in different types of electronic components. Candidate must be able to keep accurate counts and follow detailed instructions.  Qualified individuals must be detail oriented, possess intermediate computer skills, be able to lift 25-40 lbs on a regular basis, 45-60 lbs occasionally, and carry 25-35 lbs. up/down 1 flight of stairs occasionally. Potential candidates must be dedicated to providing superior customer service internally and externally.  Prior shipping/receiving experience is preferred.  Day Shift position available.  Starting wage is based on experience.  Employer offers a rewarding work environment as well as excellent benefits and opportunity for growth and advancement.
2200586516	Seeking manager to supervise evening shifts of accounts processing for home alarm sales  - roughly 30 people per night.  Employee must train new hires,create weekly schedules, time off, etc.  Pay is $10-$14/hr DOE.  Must be very good with people, learn fast, and be proficient in windows applications. Experience preferred but not required.
2200586548	(3)_ Residential Programs- Vernal Residential home providing 24-hour supports to  adults  with developmental disablities.  Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, providing varying levels of personal assistance, and assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586558	Duties: sort and route freight, including lifting boxes and bags into and out of containers and off and on moving belts.Selected applicants will be required to wear approved safety footwear; must be able to stoop, bend, twist, crawl, stretch, read and stand in small spaces; communicate effectively and in English; utilize hand and eye coordination; work in adverse/outdoor conditions; regularly/constantly lift objects weighting various amounts up to 35 lbs. without assistance.
2200586566	ICU is currently seeking outside business to business sales representatives for new business development.  This is a great opportunity for a highly motivated professional with the right attitude, ability to learn and a strong work ethic.  We offer ongoing training and a proven mentorship program, we have great benefits and offer a salary plus commission program
2200586669	Cashier/Concession help needed for various entertainment events in Downtown Salt Lake. Must be 16 years and older and need to obtain Food Handler's Permit in first 30 days. Pick up shifts you want and get paid weekly!
2200586686	Delivery / Warehouse person needed for a Salt Lake City area employer.  Duties include delivering large restaurant equipment throughout Utah, general warehousing, and pulling and packaging orders.  Must be able to lift 100 lbs.  Current Utah drivers license required and will also be required to provide MVR. forklift experience is helpful. Starting pay is $12/hr - $16/hr depending on experience.
2200586593	Orem based employer is seeking caring individuals to work with families and persons with disabilities. Provide direct support to children (or adults) which will allow people and their families a chance to function independently from the family unit. Assist people to access the community as well as build new social relationships with you and others outside the family unit. Have a job where YOU make a difference.  Apply today. We offer competitive wages, benefits, tuition and gas reimbursement, life insurance, medical & dental coverage for families, generous referral bonuses and a retirement plan option.
2200586713	To support the manfacturing processing department in liquid herbal manufacturing, including but not limited to:  Processing, blending, inventory control, bottling/filling, support material pick up, and other duties as required. Must be able to lift unassisted 50-75 pounds on a regular basis. 2 positions available, part time or full time. Must obtain food handlers permit.
2200586719	A growing natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking an experienced warehouse associate to manage all incoming and outgoing material.  Have a high attention to detail and enjoy the warehouse environment?  Picture this!Candidates are needed to track and document products moving in and out of the warehouse.  The most successful candidates are able to work in a fast paced environment, are very accurate in their documentation (both electronic and manual), and are able to match numerous products with incoming orders.  Stand-up forklift experience and shipping/receiving experience is desired!
2200586148	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586154	Customer Service/SpanishPay: $10.00Shift:  11:30am-8pm Monday-FridayInternational company looking for customer service representatives to take incoming calls taking orders for herbal products. Must be able to speak good English & Spanish.  Need good customer service skills and be computer literate to enter orders. This is working for one of the fastest growing companies in American with great growth potential. Immediate opening! Apply today!!!  We have 5 immediate openings!
2200586160	One of Americas fastest growing companies in Production and Manufacturing  needs a Maintenance Tech Responsible for the repair and maintenance of all grounds and facilities. Must be able to lift up to 70 lbs. Must have at least 2 years maintenance experience. Should know Microsoft Office. Willoperate a 12,000 lb box truck, must have valid driver license and clean MVR. The company has great benefits and great opportunities to move up in the company.  Will train is some aspects of the job. Immediate opening! Apply today!!!
2200586163	Assiting adult individuals with disablities. In varies aspects of activities of daily living , nutrition, housekeeping, meal preparation, Personal hygiene. Postions available in Orem, Payson and Nephi
2200586169	Clinical Director will oversee Nurses and Case Managers.  This person will be responsible for training, reviewing charts and holding nurses responsible for visits.
2200586728	Answers the phone and preform general office duties which could include some of the following:&#65279;  Provide verification and proof of insurance to Mortgage and Lien Holders. Sets up and maintains files on all new business accounts for auto/home. Gather information for new customers and existing policyholders. To be able to provides quotes on Home and auto and recreational vehicles etc. Requires ability to use computer programs. Aids in preparing annual review appointments for auto/home for the agent. Gathers information needed for the review including quotes, upgrade informtion and current policy information.  &#65279;Good organizational, phone, communication and work skills and habits are important. Must be able to work on your own without supervision. Wage is $9-11 per hour plus bonus's but really depends on experiance.
2200586732	standing structural steel, installing metal wall and roof panels.  operating man lifts.  operating forklifts if certified. must be able to read tape measure, operate screw guns, work at heights up to 40'.  work location mostly sanpete county, some jobs in sevier, juab, utah counties. transportation to work is available from Ephraim.  home every night.  fun work atmosphere.  will train anyone willing and able to work.  starting wage $10.00 hr. 1 month evaluation of work performance.  good raises if satisfied with work performance and attendance.
2200586708	Have fun working for a customer service company taking inbound calls and helping people regarding billing questions, disputing charges, account changes, and any other questions or concerns about their account. Must have good Customer Service and computer skills Training is 7am-2:30PM or 3pm-10:30pm M-F 5 weeks. They are open 8AM-10PM Mon-Sat, must be willing to work Sat. Shifts will start between 8am-11pm. Start Immediately!! Apply today.
2200586468	Applications are being accepted for a full-time grocery store Bakery manager (40 hours per week.  Bakery Manager is responsible for  overall operations of the Bakery Department.  This responsibility includes implementation of all company policies, budgets and operating procedures.   Will also be required to promote products and specials using a public announcement (PA) system and provide back-up to the deli.  Must be available to work 7 days weekly with varying shifts, including holidays.   Required to lift boxes weighing up to 45 pounds each.  Food Handlers Permit preferred, but not required for hire.
2200586228	One of the top 100 fastest growing manufactoring company in the United States is looking for someone for inbound order taking calls for the company's products. Must be able to speak Korean and English very well and have good customer service along with computer skills. Position requires good typing and data entry skills. SHIFT: 11:30am-8pm MON-FRI
2200586319	Immediate Openings For Appointment Setters In Our Layton Office It Is A Plus To Have 3-6 Months Call Center / Sales Experience But Is Not Required. Compensation Is Salary + Incentives And Bonuses.
2200586518	Utah County; Supportive Living, Afterschool, and Respite Programs- Working with children and adults with disabilities or mental health needs. Work full or part time for a local not-for-profit service provider that is dedicated to creating opportunities for is employees, people recieving services, and their families. We offer excellent benefits and paid training. Duties include: assisting with community and social activities, completing activities around skills development goals, notifying managers of changes with individuals, or assisting with medications as needed.  DSP job requirements: Interested in serving people with disabilities and mental health needs, committed to working on a team to provide superior supports for people, strong communication skillss, a willingness to learn and develop new skills, valid I.D and able to pass a criminal background screening.Join Our Amazing Team of skilled and talented professionals and begin creating opportunities in your own personal and professional growth as well as those whose lives you will touch! Make a difference each and every day.
2200586525	General building and construction of residential homes. We are looking for quick learners and eager, dedicated individuals who have prior experience in the field. Pay is dependent upon experience.
2200586565	Orem based employer is seeking caring individuals to work with families and persons with disabilities. Provide direct support to children (or adults) which will allow people and their families a chance to function independently from the family unit. Assist people to access the community as well as build new social relationships with you and others outside the family unit. Have a job where YOU make a difference.  Apply today. We offer competitive wages, benefits, tuition and gas reimbursement, life insurance, medical & dental coverage for families, generous referral bonuses and a retirement plan option.
2200586021	Packer needed for a Salt Lake moving company.  Will be packing household items into cartons for moving from home to home.  Must be able to lift 50 lbs. Pre-employment drug screen & criminal background check required.  Must pass a physical.Wage negotiable with household goods experience.
2200586305	As a sales representative for company's prospective sales team. Employees are required to learn the product material as a Dish Network sales representative. Opportunity to earn an average of $1000 to 1500 per week. Pay is commission based with bonuses which is paid weekly. Management opportunities available depending on performance.
2200586716	Duties: Designs floral arrangements with fresh and silk flowers, unpacks flowers, cleans store, assists customers, greets the public, answers phones, etc. Work part time or full time, 20 - 40 hours a week between the hours of 9 AM and 6 PM, Monday through Saturday. Wage is negotiable. Benefits are available for full time. Must have at least one year of experience in a floral shop. Job is located in North Utah County.
2200586539	Duties: This position is for a full time working supervisor, and is responsible for supervising staff members, coordinating group activities, monthly inventory control, and reporting to the Director regarding any successes or challenges. This position also will be responsible for assisting guests through their Spa experience, including check-in and check-out, selling Aveda and other retail products, re-stocking supplies, and billing and accepting payments. The Spa is an active department with opportunity for growth and generous commissions. The Spa is a department that focuses on exceeding our guest's expectations in an attentive and comfortable atmosphere. Pay will depend on experience. The company's ideal candidate will be friendly, outgoing, have excellent verbal skills, an eye for detail, able to multi-task, and have an interest in the booming Spa industry. Previous management skills are a plus. This position requires working on Saturdays and Sundays.
2200586555	Duties: Work in billing department resolving insurance claim discrepancies. Enter in credits. Coordinate with billing staff to handle other duties (i.e. client questions, appeals, paperwork, etc). Work full time, 8 AM - 5 PM, Monday - Friday. Pay starts at $10 an hour. Benefits include medical, dental, and vision insurance. Must be detail-oriented with a professional presence and a proactive work ethic. Must have good word processing skills. Previous medical office experience preferred. Psychology interest is a plus. Job is located in Provo.
2200586715	Duties: Take orders, unpack inventory. Assist and sell products to customers. Make product displays. Promote a positive work environment. Work in a fast-paced environment. Work independently without direct supervision. Work with a wide variety of customers. Other duties as assigned. Work full time, 9 AM - 6 PM, Monday - Friday. Pay is negotiable. Some commission is available. This is a permanent year-round position. Must be able to type and spell. Must have good penmanship. Experience in sales preferred. Job is located in North Utah County.
2200586417	Job Description:   Provides administrative and/or operational support within the one or more of the following loan areas; processing, closing, presentations, servicing, documentation, notes, disbursements, etc. May draft loan presentations, clear all identified loan exceptions. Maintains files, documents, notes, etc. Responsible for verifying completeness of files with all necessary documents and signatures required. May prepare and or track disbursements, loan documents, reports, obtain credit and/or financial information. Produce reports as required. Answer questions and follow up with Clients. Other duties as assigned.Loan Specialist I, N13 - Typically requires High School diploma or equivalent and 0 - 1 years related experience. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Basic knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist II, N14 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 1+ years of directly related experience. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques. Working knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist III, N15 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 2+ years of directly related experience. College degree preferred. Broad application of principles, theories, and concepts in applicable discipline. Proficient knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems.
2200586463	29543 Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Current licensure to practice as a Registered Nurse in the State of Utah or current licensure as a Registered Nurse which is active and in good standing in a Nurse Licensure Compact State. Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills.Some positions may require additional certifications such as ACLS; PALS; or NRP within one year of hire.This position is responsible for delivering professional nursing care to patients by utilizing strong organizational and leadership skills to assess patient status; implements clinical nursing interventions to modify symptoms
2200586464	30108 Audio-Visual Specialist Instructional Media Specialist Job #023304 Job Duties Delivery of audiovisual equipment to University campus departments; customer service and some cashier duties. Minimum Qualifications Ability to lift up to 50 pounds and must have a valid Utah driver's license and proof of insurability. Preferences Customer service and audiovisual experience. Work Schedule Part-time; 16 hrs/wk (M; T; W; H 6AM - 10AM) Comments Maximum salary is limited by funding constraints. Key words:Video; Media; Audio; Camera; IMS; audio visual; CVS
2200586466	30744 Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. About 40 hours/weekBasic laboratory skills required (familiarity with the use of pipets; balances and microscopes is essential). Must be reliable and able to work independently.Work in a research lab making solutions; pipetting; growing bacterial cultures; accurate record keeping and work with a dissection microscope.
2200586469	31348 This position is software process focused; and the majority of time is spent using the Financial Aid module of Oracles PeopleSoft product. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled earlier; this job will close on January 31; 2008.Associate's degree in a computer related field and two years of experience or equivalency recommended.  Demonstrated computer skills are required. Experience with Microsoft Excel; Microsoft Word; Microsoft Access and other office productivity software required. Applicant must also have effective human relation and communication skills.  Prefer experience working in a financial aid office. Also prefer functional and/or technical experience working with PeopleSoft software or other financial aid software.Some of the responsibilities are as follows: Daily imports and exports of data for processing student financial aid; using PeopleSoft; Department of Education software; and other proprietary software. Launch; monitor; and/or verify numerous batch processes on a daily basis using PeopleSoft. Utilize a query tool to verify; update and run queries to produce daily reports. Distribute reports and other printouts to specified individuals
2200586470	31614 When you work as a Director of School Programs with the  Museum of Natural History; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a manager is for those who have a Bachelor's degree in Education or a related field or equivalency and four years of progressively more responsible management experience.   The University is seeking a strong educator and leader with an innovative and entrepreneurial spirit who will be an active participant in charting the course for the Museum as it grows and makes the transition into a new facility.  In this position; you will determine the vision and direction of the School Programs Department and provide guidance to and lead a team of educators and volunteers in the development; implementation; and evaluation of all onsite and outreach school and teacher programs.  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled; this job closes on June 30; 2008. Requires a Bachelor's degree in Education or a related field or equivalency and four years of progressively more responsible management experience.
2200586462	29537  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job closes on 07/31/07Two years of coding experience using ICD-9-CM or equivalency; demonstrated knowledge of medical terminology; anatomy; and physiology; and a basic knowledge of medical procedures and disease states/processes required.  Computer literacy and demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills are also required. For some assignments additional coding experience using ICD-9-CM; a Certified Coding Specialist certificate or Registered Health Information Technician Credential is required. The incumbent is expected to enroll in continuing education courses to maintain certification. RHIA; CCS; or CPC certification is preferred. Equivalency for two years coding experience consists of one year of college education in a medical related field. The Registered Health Information Technician certificate requires an Associate's degree. A Registered Health Information Administrator certificate requires a Bachelor's degree. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients.Abstracts information from in-patient interim; discharge and out-patient medical records and inputs into a database.
2200586467	30769   Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodation in the in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Under the supervision of a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (L.C.S.W.); Psychologist or Psychiatrist; responsible for intergrating counseling services with overall patient care. Assists patients in meeting their psychosocial needs to facilitate patient adjustment to treatment; hospitalization or transition into the community after therapy.  Master's Degree in Social Work from an accredited school by the council on Social Work; current licensure to practice as a Certified Social Worker in the State of Utah.  Demonstrated human relations and effective verbal and written communication skills; and proven ability to work in a multidisciplinary team; problem solve and resolve conflicts for individuals; couples and groups.  Social Worker  Social Services / Hospital  Job # 26790  Under the supervision of a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (L.C.S.W.); Psychologist or Psychiatrist; responsible for intergrating counseling services with overall patient care. Assists patients in meeting their psychosocial needs to facilitate patient adjustment
2200586471	31648 When you work as an Outpatient Clinic Representative with the  Hospital Greenwood Clinic; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as an Outpatient Clinic Representative is for those who have clerical experience; who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a fast paced environment. In this position; you will enter in patient information into Allegra system.  You will schedule patient appointments.  You will contact patients for rescheduling; missed appointments; and appointment reminders. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Open until filled.One year of clerical experience or equivalency; basic computer skills; and successful completion of a medical terminology course provided by the hospital within the first year of employment required. Demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills are also required. Some areas of assignment may require IDX and Allegra training completed within 30 days of hire
2200586589	"Primary Responsibilities Include:? Consulting potential Borrowers regarding appropriate loan programs and processes? Assisting in preparing and participating in Real Estate Professional/Broker/Builder functions including Open Houses and Conventions? Creating and executing a Business Development Plan? Accepting Loan Applications and entering into system? Obtaining Credit Documentation, Disclosures and other Forms in accordance with regulatory and Countrywide guidelines? Setting-up Loan Files? Forwarding Loan Files
2200586590	Responsibilities include:Creating and managing all timelines for RMH with all partners e.g. sales, operations, HR, etc. as well as insuring business partners are updated on tasks and deadlines needing to be completed. Will attend weekly update meetings, construction meetings and accomplish the below. Completion and Submission of Summary Packages Jordan Landing: December 31st submission to store committee Riverdale: December 31st submission to store committee and work with broker to complete site selection, create summary package Complete LOI and Lease Negotiations Jordan Landing: February 28th Riverdale: February 28th Project Manager Store Build Out/ Construction completed; work with Eric Voekler Jordan Landing: May 1st Lehi: April 1st Riverdale: May 1st Recruiting Event Project Management- April 15
2200586591	 We offer competitive pay; performance-based bonuses; free mobile phone and service; paid time off; and advancement opportunities.If you enjoy selling and providing outstanding customer service, This is the place for you. We are accepting applications for Retail Service Representatives for our retail stores in this city. The Retail Sales Representative will:? Sell wireless phones, service plans and accessories to meet sales goals? Deliver outstanding customer service? Resolve customer issues? Process payments? Participate in outside sales activities and events needed?
2200586592	 DRIVER-LOCAL  Location: SALT LAKE CITY, UT  Schedule: DAYTIME HOURS, MON-FR  Description:  LOCAL PICKUP AND DELIVERY DRIVER  Qualifications: CLASS A OR CLASS B LICENSE REQUIRED WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS & TRIPPLES     ENDORSEMENTS.  Benefits: COMPETITIVE BENEFITS, 401K, PAID VACATION
2200586594	Our Teammates enjoy a very nice benefit package including medical coverage, 401k, profit sharing, tuition reimbursement, Growth, and so much more?Currently we are looking for a Facility Administrator in Our Utah Valley Dialysis center in Provo, UT.  A Healthcare / Facility Administrator manages the overall operations for nursing services and care at our hemodialysis facilities, ensuring safe, therapeutic nursing for end stage renal disease (ESRD) patients. Responsibilities include oversight of nursing and technical services for patient treatment, development and periodic revision of policies and procedures with the Regional Director / Medical Director to assure consistent, efficient and safe operation
2200586614	Healthcare Services is one of the largest employers of clinicians in the nation; we make our employees a top priority. As an employee, will provide you with the same level of care and dedication that you provide your patients. We know that you are entitled to great benefits, flexible scheduling options and rewarding assignments in some of the best medical environments. Our Healthcare Recruiters will work hard to accommodate your career preferences. As a member of our dynamic healthcare team you will choose from prestigious assignments in top medical facilities and home-based settings. Our supportive staff will match your skills, experience and schedule to find you the best long-term, short-term or travel assignments. Recruiters will be available around-the-clock to provide the assistance that you need to get your job done. Whether you prefer day, evening or night shifts,  has the solution for you.Qualifications Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) Duties / Details:Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) is needed to work in our client?s homes to provide direct patient care. Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) will observe, assess, and record symptoms, reactions, and progress in patients; administer medications; and assist in rehabilitation. Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) will also develop and manage nursing care
2200586635	 As a part-time employee, you would average 20-30 hours per week during normal business hours.The Warehouse Associate provides superior service by delivering products and services to exceed customer expectations. Job Duties include the following:- Build strong customer relationships, loyalty and retention through exceptional customer service and the presentation, awareness and understanding of active product promotions.- Maintain inventory accuracy through effective use of computerized scanning equipment and other inventory maintenance reports.- Unload trailers using material handling equipment.- Accurately pick items from designated locations using picking tickets and other reports.- Provide customer service backup by accurately picking will-call and counter orders when needed.- Properly pack merchandise to ensure adequate protection and compliance with Hazardous Material regulations.- Stock merchandise in appropriate locations.- Utilize computer systems to assist with pricing, availability and alternate product selection.- Work effectively with others in a team based environment to accomplish company goals and to identify and resolve problems.-
2200586248	PWDNET The Registered Nurse (RN) is a professional caregiver who assumes responsibility and accountability for assessing, planning, implementing and evaluatingcare of patients. The staff RN utilizes the nursing process by use of technology, therapeutic intervention, and coordination of care with other health teammembers. 1. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 2. Appropriate individual practice and delegation skills. 3. Current & applicable RN NursingLicense for the location(s) in which you practice. 4. BLS / CPR 5. Able to complete all physical job requirements related to job, with or without reasonableaccommodation.
2200586249	PWDNET The Registered Nurse (RN) is a professional caregiver who assumes responsibility and accountability for assessing, planning, implementing and evaluatingcare of patients. The staff RN utilizes the nursing process by use of technology, therapeutic intervention, and coordination of care with other health teammembers. 1. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 2. Appropriate individual practice and delegation skills. 3. Current & applicable RN NursingLicense for the location(s) in which you practice. 4. BLS / CPR 5. Able to complete all physical job requirements related to job, with or without reasonableaccommodation.
2200586009	We have a number of awesome <b>Labor Positions</b> available immediately! <p>If you are ready to get to work and start making money, we have the job for you! Come work in a team environment for a proven winner, with excellent opportunities for advancement.<p><b>Qualifications:</b><br>Requires high school diploma or GED. Manual labor and or construction experience is preferred. Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. on a regular basis. Employees with clean driving record are preferred.<p><b>Other Info:</b><br>Position is full time M-F Days.<br>Pay starts @ $9.00 an hour with opportunities for raises and advancement.<br>Pre-Employment Drug Screen required.<br>Position is located in West Jordan
2200586250	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible.  Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.  Excellent communications and interpersonal relationship skills.  CPR required.
2200586251	PWDNET Performs radiographic procedures and a variety of technical procedures ionizing radiation for radiographic diagnosis. Must be an ARRT registered with current license as a Radiology Technologist in the state of Utah. Must be able to transfer and position patients independently and safely. Excellent communication skills required. CPR certification required. Will consider Radiology Technologist eligible candidates.
2200586252	PWDNET Provide quality service to all patients/customers through prompt and friendly check-in, timely organization of files and records, accurate scheduling, and effective registration for billing. Requires the ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing and follow work instructions and procedures. Must have two years customer service experience. Previous experience in a hospital or physician office preferred. Must type 30 wpm. Medical Terminology preferred.  Spanish speaking preferred but not required.
2200586253	PWDNET This position is a catering/River Rock Cafe position.  Must be able to connect well with people.  This position caterers ot physician longes and departments in the hospital and is an ambassador to the hospital for Food Services.  This position is also a snadwich artist and deli technical professional in the River Rock Cafe.  Customer service excellence is required.  Heavy lifting and pushing and pulling of heavy cartrs required.Cashier experience preferred. Food service experience preferred.   Excellent customer service/interpersonal skills required. Prepare to enjoy your work, have fun with coworkers, serve great customers, and adore your fantastic boss. High school diploma or equivalent. Ability to read and comprehend English. Ability to receive and follow instructions in English. Physical ability to fulfill requirements of the job. Previous food service experience preferred. Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills. Cashier, grill cook, server, and deli experience helpful. Great flexibility in schedule required.  Relief for teammates days off/vacations etc. Schedule varies from 5:30am to 4:30pm.  Rotating weekends & Holidays required.
2200586010	<b>Design Drafter/Checker</b><p>Boost your career today! Our company is the leading world manufacturer of rocket motor systems for space launch vehicles, strategic missiles and defense interceptors and we are actively seeking experienced professionals to fill our Design Drafter/ Checker position. <p><b>Duties include but are not limited to:</b><ul><li> Check engineering drawings and related documentation for compliance to applicable government, industry and company standards<li>Communicate with engineering personnel<li>Interpret related engineering data<li>Other duties as directed</ul></li><p><b>Requirements:</b><ul><li> Bachelors Degree preferred , but not required<li>High School Diploma/GED required<li>15 years practical experience as a Design Drafter with a minimum of 5 years as a Checker 2<li>Proficiency in GDTP<li>Certification preferred, but not required<li>Must have good working knowledge of ASME Y14.5M 1982 & 1994<li>Must have good working knowledge of government and industry engineering drawing preparation standards<li>Minimum 5 years experience with electrical data control software applications: PDM/DCMS<li>Minimum 10 years  experience using ideas or equivalent  CAD software for 2D and 3D applications<li>Minimum 10 years experience using Office type software applications<li>Ability to pass background check and drug screen </ul></li><p>This is a full-time position paying $30.00-$35.00 per hour DOE.
2200586011	Direct Hire Consultant Are you ready to take your career to the next level?   We are actively searching for a goal driven, career-minded individual who is seeking growth opportunities, daily challenges, and the rewards of a job well done.  We offer competitive compensation to include a generous benefit plans, and monthly commission based on performance.  Realistic first year income potential up to 50K ? six figure long term income potential  - all in a professional, fast-paced, team-oriented environment.<p>We are currently looking for an outgoing individual with exceptional sales and customer talents.  The ideal Candidate will be dependable, pro-active, and highly ethical.  Sales, marketing and recruiting or related experience is preferred however individuals wanting to start their career in sales are also encouraged to respond.  High energy, the ability to multi-task, self-motivation, and a strong drive to succeed are a must to fit this role. Daily responsibilities will include: Prospecting, marketing, and business development Recruiting Interviewing, Screening and Selection Job Placement Customer Service Client Relations We offer a nurturing team environment that values contribution, hard work, flexibility, and a sense of humor!
2200586012	<b>SOFTWARE ENGINEERING</b><p>Are you ready to take your career to the next level?  Come work for a company that values the difference that only YOU can make!  The position is located in Brigham City, UT.  Job duties will include:<ul><li> Develop custom sensor processing applications</li><li> Assist with associated visualization and support of tactical reconnaissance and other sensor platforms</li><li> Other duties as assigned</ul></li><p>Requirements include:<ul><li>Strong software installation and programming background in C programming languages</li><li>Knowledge of  SQL, database instance creation, maintenance, and tuning</li><li>Must have familiarity in one or more of the following: Oracle, embedded software development, Java, J2EE, WxWindows, C#,  and/or ASP.NET</li><li>Experienced with one or more of the following areas: software designing, supporting database in 24x7 production environment on Microsoft Win & Linux environment </li><li> Knowledge of one or more of the following standards is also desired: JPEG, JPEG2000and NITF, Veritas Netbackup</li><li>BS minimum (MS preferred) in CE, EE, CS, Math, Physics, or equivalent</li><li> Ability to work effectively both independently and as a team member</li><li>Good communications skills, both written and verbal are essential</ul></li><p> Salary ranges 65,000 ? 87,500 annually depending upon experience.
2200586354	Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. ; ;Manages accounting or budget activities and provides fiscal information including forms, reports, and routines. ; ;Prepares and defends budget recommendations, requests, reports, proposals and/or projections. ; ;Reviews fiscal operations to ensure integrity, accuracy and control of data. ; ;Develops and/or interprets fiscal statements and reports. ; ;Ensures compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines, etc. ; ;Acts as a resource for management and staff; provides technical support within area of responsibility. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Represents agency interests on key legislative issues, task forces, committees, etc., and/or draft legislation, find sponsors, propose amendments, etc. ; ;Supervises subordinate personnel including: hiring, determining workload and delegating assignments, training, monitoring and evaluating performance, and initiating corrective or disciplinary actions. Step 63 ($ 27.78) to Step 84 ($ 49.11) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to property valuation; use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; principles, theories, and practices of budget management; principles, theories, and p
2200586355	Prepares salads and garnishes and assists in basic food preparation or ordering. ; ;Assists customers in finding products, making selections and purchasing items. ; ;Ensures that food is maintained at appropriate temperatures. Covers and stores leftover food, records serving temperatures and leftover quantities. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. Step 18 ($ 8.19) to Step 33 ($ 12.31) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to prepare food; distribute food using appropriate food handling and sanitation techniques; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; principles, theories, and practice of foods and nutrition; principles, theories and practices of food safety and public health protection; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures. F
2200586254	PWDNET The Licensed Practical Nurse will work under the supervision of a Registered Nurse and is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care in the patient care unit to which assigned. The care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must be a Licensed Practical Nurse in the State of Utah or licensed eligible. Must have current CPR certification. Must have ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely. Excellent communication and interpersonal relations skills are necessary.
2200586255	PWDNET The Licensed Practical Nurse will work under the supervision of a Registered Nurse and is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care in the patient care unit to which assigned. The care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must be a Licensed Practical Nurse in the State of Utah.. Must have current CPR certification. Must have ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely. Excellent communication and interpersonal relations skills are necessary. Current enrollment in an accredited RN program is strongly preferred.Must provide proof of current CPR certification at the time of application.
2200586256	PWDNET These positions, under the supervision of a Registered Nurse, are accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective patient focused care.  Must be a high school graduate or equivalent. Must have current Certified Nurse Assistant Certification (CNA) from the state of Utah or have successfully completed at least 1 semester of an accredited nursing program, and be capable of successfully completing the hospital PCT course within 30 days of hire. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are also required. Must provide proof of CNA certification, and CPR certification and/or successful completion of 1 semester of accredited nursing program at the time of interview. Applicants for this position must have a flexible schedule. If hired, Must be able to attend Patient Care Tech Orientation.
2200586356	Prepares salads and garnishes and assists in basic food preparation or ordering. ; ;Assists customers in finding products, making selections and purchasing items. ; ;Destroys or disposed of outdated, sensitive documents, blank warrants, expired food stamps, etc., in a manner appropriate for the sensitivity. ; ;Ensures that food is maintained at appropriate temperatures. Covers and stores leftover food, records serving temperatures and leftover quantities. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. ; ;Cooks, bakes, or serves regular and/or special meals to clients and/or staff. ; ;Coordinates an inventory management system to effectively control and distribute supplies and equipment. Step 22 ($ 9.14) to Step 37 ($ 13.73) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to prepare food; distribute food using appropriate food handling and sanitation techniques; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; principles, theories, and practice of foods and nutrition; maintain inventory; track receipt, sending and delivery of materials; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; principles, theories and practices of food safety and public health protection; principles, theories, and practices inventory control. F
2200586382	Provides direct client care including development, documentation, execution and assessment of treatment plan, etc. ; ;Lifts, transfers and positions individuals correctly using approved lifting techniques and procedures. ; ;Collects data and reviews research materials, determines accuracy and validity of sources and appropriateness for use. ; ;Manages individuals who are non-compliant, self-abusive, and aggressive (including maladaptive behaviors such as kicking, scratching, biting, head butting, spitting, throwing objects, etc.). ; ;Ensures confidentiality for the individuals by directing questions/requests to appropriate parties. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. ; ;Adapts program(s) to meet specific needs or concerns. Step 25 ($ 9.92) to Step 42 ($ 15.71) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to maintain confidentiality; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; make a decision or solve a problem by using logic to identify key facts, explore alternatives, and propose quality solutions; use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; biological, psychological and/or social impact on health conditions; teach personal hygiene and other daily living skills; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; find, gather and collect information or data; refer inquiries to appropriate staff, agencies or organizations; follow and apply treatment plans as d
2200586383	Oversees offenders in institutions by monitoring schedules, participating in resolution of disorderly behavior, riots, etc. ; ;Performs security and custody duties including inmate supervision, cell searches, skin searches, inspections, inmate movement; prepares inmate incident and disciplinary reports. ; ;Provides information and makes informed decisions concerning offender behavior, attitudes, goals, etc. ; ;Coordinates activities with institutional needs and enforces security regulations on or off property. Step 37 ($ 13.73) to Step 54 ($ 21.76) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, theories, and practices of law enforcement; use the inmate classification and disciplinary system for inmate management; the offender management review system; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; use security and/or control techniques or devices to secure people, facilities, property, supplies or equipment; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; coordinate the activities or tasks of people, groups and/or organization(s); observe the environment, paying attention to changes, inappropriate activity, or potential problems. F
2200586384	Receives and evaluates incoming calls, determines whether emergency or routine and prioritizes each; determines who needs to respond to call, relays instructions and questions. ; ;Operates multi-frequency radio console, data terminals, computer and data recording equipment, teletype and other radio equipment. ; ;Accesses data bases to obtain various kinds of information. ; ;Monitors, transmits, and receives information over multiple radio frequencies to detect emergencies, exchange information or provide dispatch services. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Communicate with the receiving organization concerning the receipt and security of arriving patients/clients/inmates to their facilities; follow local protocols in handling patients/clients/inmates as they change location.
2200586357	Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Conducts training needs assessments and recommends training programs. ; ;Designs and/or prepares training/instructional materials, teaching aids and devices. ; ;Acts as a resource to provide information or determine the most effective way of meeting the needs of management, staff, clients or customers. ; ;Maintains and/or creates files or record keeping systems. Sorts, labels, files and retrieves documents, or other materials. Step 45 ($ 17.04) to Step 52 ($20.61) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use automated software applications; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; design techniques, principles, tools and instruments; instructional methods and techniques; evaluate information against a set of standards; establish, organize and/or maintain files; interviewing techniques; assess organizational needs such as staffing, training, security, etc.; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; research methods, techniques, and/or sources of information; deliver presentations or training using acceptable methods and techniques; develop curriculum, learning objectives, and/or course materials; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; agency and/or organizational program(s); te
2200586386	Prepares salads and garnishes and assists in basic food preparation or ordering. ; ;Assists customers in finding products, making selections and purchasing items. ; ;Ensures that food is maintained at appropriate temperatures. Covers and stores leftover food, records serving temperatures and leftover quantities. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. Step 18 ($ 8.19) to Step 33 ($ 12.31) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to prepare food; distribute food using appropriate food handling and sanitation techniques; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; principles, theories, and practice of foods and nutrition; principles, theories and practices of food safety and public health protection; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures. F
2200586387	Prepares salads and garnishes and assists in basic food preparation or ordering. ; ;Assists customers in finding products, making selections and purchasing items. ; ;Destroys or disposed of outdated, sensitive documents, blank warrants, expired food stamps, etc., in a manner appropriate for the sensitivity. ; ;Ensures that food is maintained at appropriate temperatures. Covers and stores leftover food, records serving temperatures and leftover quantities. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. ; ;Cooks, bakes, or serves regular and/or special meals to clients and/or staff. ; ;Coordinates an inventory management system to effectively control and distribute supplies and equipment. Step 22 ($ 9.14) to Step 37 ($ 13.73) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to prepare food; distribute food using appropriate food handling and sanitation techniques; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; principles, theories, and practice of foods and nutrition; maintain inventory; track receipt, sending and delivery of materials; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; principles, theories and practices of food safety and public health protection; principles, theories, and practices inventory control. F
2200586385	Enforces laws, rules, and regulations. ; ;Conducts investigations into allegations of a variety of inappropriate activities, rules infractions or illegal actions. ; ;Ensures compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines, etc. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Maintains detailed inspection or investigation records, prepares reports, and attends to other related administrative requirements. ; ;Acts as an expert witness. Gives testimony and /or recommendations in court cases and/or hearings. ; ;Provides assistance and/or on-the-job training. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. Step 43 ($ 16.14) to Step 62 ($ 27.03) Starting Step 048 $18.50 Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; principles, theories, and practices of law enforcement; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; interviewing techniques; investigative techniques and processes; civil and criminal justice laws; legal processes and procedures; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and u
2200586416	Responsible for accurately processing debit and credit transactions in compliance with established policies and procedures, while maintaining an acceptable balancing record. Identifies and addresses clients needs by providing variety of services which may include opening new accounts, issuing counterchecks, performing address changes, issuing/activation ATM cards, performing money transfers, ordering checks, receiving loan payments, etc. Resolves clients problems either through direct personal action or referral to alternative branch or bank resources. Identifies and maximizes cross-sell banks opportunities through client profiling. Other duties as assigned. Teller I, N11 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and some cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Basic knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Teller II, N12 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 1+ yearcashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Working knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.Teller III, N13 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 2+ year cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience.
2200586388	Operates a variety of imaging, microfilming or scanning equipment to perform filming \ scanning projects. ; ;Organizes, prepares and processes documents for filming \ scanning. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Verifies data entry by comparing the source document against input data, utilizing automated verification system, using dual entry or other verification technique . ; ;Receives calls and/or greets visitors, takes and relays messages, responds to requests for information; provides information or directs caller/visitor to appropriate individual. ; ;Maintains and/or creates files or record keeping systems. Sorts, labels, files and retrieves documents, or other materials. ; ;Reviews data, records and files for detail and accuracy. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. Step 23 ($ 9.39) to Step 42 ($ 15.71) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, practices and procedures of an office environment; operate scanning/imaging and/or photographic, audio-visual, or related equipment; operate microfilm, micrographic and/or scanning equipment; use State or agency-specific software application program(s); operate a typewriter or a computer keyb
2200586458	29328  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Current licensure to practice as a Registered Nurse in the State of Utah or equivalency required. Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or must obtain one within one month of hire required. Must demonstrate evidence of 400-800 clinical hours in an acute care setting during formal education through an academic entity that has arranged and provided for the clinical training site; or 2080 hours in an acute care setting post course work. Strong organizational and leadership skills as well as demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills are also required.      Some positions may require additional certifications such as Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS); Basic  Life Support (BLS); or Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP) within one year of hire.*
2200586460	29430  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Two years experience working in an eye care related position or equivalency required; Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire; ability to sell and service eyeglasses and contact lenses and a commitment to provide excellent customer service required; demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills also required.     Finish lab skills including lens layout; edging; tinting; frame assembly and repair; frame adjustment and lensometry are preferred.
2200586461	29496  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This is an entry-level position and on the job training is provided. A Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire; and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills are required. For some areas of assignment certification as a Cardiographic Technician or certification within six months of employment may be required.Cardiology TechnicianDept. 52610 Cardiology Services Job #29496 Completes lead placement; calibration and operation of a Holter Monitor.  Completes electrocardiograph readings on patients as requested by various departments within the hospital.  Prepares and processes paperwork for electrocardiograph readings for physician's review.  Performs minor maintenance and cleaning of equipment and restocks supplies.  Maintains accurate logs of patient information regarding electrocardiograph readings; Holter requests; Cardiac studies; and assists in maintaining filing cards and patient folders.  Prepares and processes billing paperwork.  Operates sophisticated computerized data
2200586279	PWDNET The Medical Technologist performs standard laboratory procedures requiring a broad use of independent judgment and problem solving.  The incumbent is required to consult with clinical staff and share information helpful in optimizing patient care.  In addition, the incumbent will be accountable for acting as a resource for laboratory information, involvement and monitoring of QA processes and performing with a minimum of technical supervision.  Essential Job Responsibilities:    - Medical Technologist Core Competencies and Utilization of the Clinical Laboratory Process    - Information Processing and Documentation    - Interpersonal Skills    - Team Player  Minimum Qualifications:    - BS or BA in Medical Technology    - Current MT Registration (ASCP) or equivalent    - Excellent interpersonal skills    - May be underfilled with a Medical Lab Technician    - Basic computer skillsPreferred Qualifications:    - Experience as a Generalist Med Tech in a hospital laboratory    - Intermediate-level computer skills
2200586280	PWDNET Mileage reimbursement and shift differentials available. Provides quality therapy services to patients in the home. All therapy services will be provided in accordance with the state licensure laws, professional standards and ethics, and within the guidelines of the departmental and agency standards, policies and procedures.  At least twice daily, you must import and export patient files. This requires access to a phone line or commuting to an Intermountain facility.   Current driver's license.Insured and reliable transportation.Acceptable driving record are required.Valid/current PT licensure in the state in which you practice required. Previous rehabilitation experience.Ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely.Effective communications skills and basic computer skills.
2200586284	PWDNET To provide "Extraordinary Care" to the patients and customers of this Medical Group through friendly, caring, courteous, and professional service. The PAR (Patient Account Representative) is to provide effective billing, problem solving and maintenance of financial computer records of all patients. The Patient Account Rep is responsible for maintaining patient accounts from billing through the collections process. The Patient Account Rep will advocate for the patient following Intermountain Medical Group policies and procedures for billing and account management. Looking for people who are organized, detail oriented and deal well with the public. The Patient Account Rep must enhance the reputation of the providers and staff of the Intermountain Medical Group, by creating a positive patient experience. The success of the incumbent in this role is highly dependent on the Patient Account Rep having excellent customer service with both internal and external customers. A High School Diploma or equivalent GRE is required. The incumbent must demonstrate effective communication and interpersonal relation skills. Basic computer skills are required. Medical, Insurance, and/or accounting experience is highly preferred. Collections experience in the medical setting is also highly desired. Hospital/Physician office experience and/or medical terminology is preferred.
2200586285	PWDNET Under general supervision, performs routine duties related to patient meal and snack delivery. Provides assistance to patients with their menus and assistance with floor stock distribution. This position will work 36 hours a week including rotating weekends and holidays.     - Current Food Handler's permit.    - Strong communication,interpersonal and team work skills are required along with high prioritization and organizational skills.    - Ability to push/pull 45 lbs and lift/carry 15 lbs.    - Working knowledge of diets is helpful.    - Prior experience in food service industry preferred, but not required.
2200586286	PWDNET Under general supervision, performs routine duties related to patient meal and snack delivery. Provides assistance to patients with their menus and assistance with floor stock distribution. This position will work 24 hours a week including rotating weekends and holidays.     - Current Food Handler's permit.    - Strong communication,interpersonal and team work skills are required along with high prioritization and organizational skills.    - Ability to push/pull 45 lbs and lift/carry 15 lbs.    - Working knowledge of diets is helpful.    - Prior experience in food service industry preferred, but not required.
2200586287	PWDNET Under general supervision, performs routine duties related to patient meal and snack delivery. Provides assistance to patients with their menus and assistance with floor stock distribution. This position will work from either 5:30am to 2:00pm or 6:00am to 2:30pm., and includes rotating weekends and holidays.     - Current Food Handler's permit.    - Strong communication,interpersonal and team work skills are required along with high prioritization and organizational skills.    - Ability to push/pull 45 lbs and lift/carry 15 lbs.    - Working knowledge of diets is helpful.    - Prior experience in food service industry preferred, but not required.
2200586402	Process applications for Utah registration, proportional registration and Uniform Prorate registration; verify proof of ownership by examination of the Manufacturer's Statement of Origin, Outstanding Certificate of Title, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Issues licenses, permits, registrations, certificates, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Receives and records cash payments; processes related paperwork. ; ;Processes transactions at a cash register, gives correct change and closes till at end of shift. ; ;Assists the public and others to complete forms, applications and other paperwork. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Interprets, clarifies, explains and applies agency policy and procedures, business practices, federal or state laws and regulations, etc. ; ;Perform other duties as assigned. $10.45 hourly Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; evaluate information against a set of standards; follow written and/
2200586415	Responsible for accurately processing debit and credit transactions in compliance with established policies and procedures, while maintaining an acceptable balancing record. Identifies and addresses clients needs by providing variety of services which may include opening new accounts, issuing counterchecks, performing address changes, issuing/activation ATM cards, performing money transfers, ordering checks, receiving loan payments, etc. Resolves clients problems either through direct personal action or referral to alternative branch or bank resources. Identifies and maximizes cross-sell banks opportunities through client profiling. Other duties as assigned. Teller I, N11 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and some cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Basic knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Teller II, N12 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 1+ yearcashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Working knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.Teller III, N13 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 2+ year cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience.
2200586449	Position will require some travel and occasional evening work. Establishes and maintains all financial accounts and accounting procedures required by federal, state and/or local government agencies that provide funding to support numerous housing and neighborhood development nonprofit agency missions. Conducts routine and complex audits of recipient agencies ensuring appropriate expenditures, reporting, record retention and compliance with funding source stipulations. Prepares audit findings and recommendations. Reports to the Director of Housing and Neighborhood Development. Prepares and submits all information required by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development through that agency?s Integrated Disbursement and Information System (IDIS) to report all financial activities, demographic data, and housing activities. Graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelors degree in Accounting or a closely related field and four (4) years experience with accounting and financial statement reporting for a governmental agency, two (2) years of which must include the development of audit schedules, working papers and processes and timely audit findings and recommendations.
2200586456	28313  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Current licensure to practice as a Practical Nurse in the State of Utah or current licensure as a Practical Nurse which is active and in good standing in a Nurse Licensure Compact State. Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills.Depending on the area of professional expertise; this position may require specialty certification..Licensed Practical Nurse - LPNUNI Job # 28313   this position is responsible for providing direct nursing care to assigned patients under the supervision of a Registered Nurse or Licensed Independent Practitioner to enhance and improve outcomes
2200586457	28741 Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. Completion of a certified Medical Assistant program or equivalency required; Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire; demonstrated phlebotomy skills and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills also required.    Demonstrated proficiency in the specific clinic's specialty skills within six weeks of hire is required.  Specialty skills may not be performed until after the new hire completes competency testing.  Hiring department may prefer Medical Assistant Certification or Registration. Medical Assistant Dermatology - SOM Job # 28741 Successful Incumbent will assist with patient visits; which includes: taking patient history; assisting with procedures; and patient education.Must work well as a team member and be able to multi task.  Reliable; excellent organizational skills and interpersonal skills.  Previous clinical experience preferred.
2200586236	PWDNET The Chief Nursing Officer is a strong visible clinical leader that collaborates, integrates and communicates at all levels of the Urban Central Region, and throughout Intermountain Healthcare.  The incumbent assures the provision of effective and coordinated delivery of nursing care by aligning closely with hospital administrators, operations officers and corporate nursing.  This position also has direct accountability for Risk Management, Quality Services, Case Management, Ethics and Patient Safety. Current State of Utah Nursing License to practice as a Registered Nurse.  Requires a Masters Degree in nursing or related field.  If Bachelors is not in Nursing then Masters must be in Nursing. Requisite experience in clinical nursing, management, finance, accounting, marketing and statistics preferred.  Demonstrated understanding of the health care delivery system as it relates to government agencies, insurance companies, physicians, other health care professionals and the Intermountain Healthcare organization.  Must have experience in a complex health care environment such as an integrated delivery system and understanding of matrix management.
2200586237	PWDNET Performs general housekeeping tasks according to detailed instructions in order to maintain the hospital in a sanitary, clean and attractive condition. Must be able to communicate knowledgeably and follow written and verbal instructions. Must be able to lift moderate weight frequently. Previous housekeeping experience in a healthcare setting preferred. Must be able to read, speak, and understand English to communicate with patients and read labels on chemicals in order to properly mix and use such chemicals and use cleaning supplies.
2200586238	PWDNET Medical assisting is for those who have been trained as a Certified Medical Assistant (CMA), who enjoy working with people, and who want to provide extraordinary patient care by supporting Intermountain Healthcare's approach to "<EM>Healing for Life</EM>"In this position, you will help comfort patients, prepare patients to be seen by physicians, perform diagnostic tests and document patient care.  This position if full time benefits eligible This position requires either a Medical Assistant Certification, the completion of recognized Medical Assistant course, and/or the ability to obtain a Medical Assistant Certification.Requires current Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) certification for Health Care Provider.Excellent communication skills.Experience with IDX and Clinical Workstation software preferred.Urology experience is a plus but not required
2200586240	PWDNET The Advance Practice Registered Nurse (APRN) is a professional healthcare provider who: works to maintain and promote health, and prevent disease; establishes positive and productive relationships; facilitates education, demonstrates high professional standards; and supports appropriate financial outcomes through sound business practices. Under the supervision of director and unit Manager and in coordination with M.D.s this position will respond to:and coordinate: emergent events, rapid response activities, education, quality, research (participate in and generate data), PICC line program, orientation as requested, clinical care including discharge support. Current Utah Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN) license is required.Certification from ANCC.BCLS and ACLS certifiedTwo years in related fields preferredAbility to communicate in oral, written, technical, and electronic format including data collection and meticulous record keeping.Ability to establish and maintain communication and relationship s with all disciplines and departments.Demonstrate skills in emergent care, rapid response, education, quality, research, management and clinical settings.
2200586241	PWDNET This position will offer a great opportunity to support the Spine Therapy Team at The Orthopedic Specialty Hospital.These positions are involved in general office and patient care duties, which include greeting and assisting patients, answering phones, scheduling patients, filing, billing, data entry and maintenance of patient records. The Aide will also work to prepare patient rooms, stock supplies and clean tables.   Individual must have excellent customer service skills and be able to work independently as well as in a team environment.Requires Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) certification for the Healthcare Provider.This position will work 5 (8 hour) shifts. Benefit eligible.
2200586242	PWDNET Intermountain Medical Center's 18 delivery rooms are divided into three units of six rooms each. Each unit has its own comfortable family waiting area with full-length windows and spectacular views.  There are three triage rooms large enough for quick deliveries and four operating rooms with pass-through windows into the newborn ICU.  The delivery rooms are furnished in rich natural maple and have a warm, homey feeling. Each room has everything a laboring mom and her new baby will need, plus a fold-out sofa for another family member.  Each room is equipped with a warmer and bassinet for the baby. A wall unit of equipment is out of the way when it's not needed, but it's there if a baby needs monitoring or other care. The rooms also have special lighting that can be brightened to a focused surgical light or dimmed, depending on the need of the patient.  The Registered Nurse position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the Labor and Delivery unit. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards.   Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse (RN) which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible.  Requires a minimum of one year previous RN Women's Services work experience or RN Medical/Surgical work experience.
2200586243	PWDNET Med/surg nursing on the Neuro-Orthopedic unit is a unique way to practice nursing in an environment that is supportive and rewarding. As a nurse caring for neuro-orthopedic patients you will be able to develop skills in management of multiple co-morbidities, trauma recovery, aggressive pain management techniques, post-surgical recovery, progressive rehabilitation, ventriculostomy, intracranial drains, advanced early stroke management, patient education and more.  We also provide care for adolescent orthopedic patients.     Utah RN license (or license eligible) and CPR certification is required.Ability to communicate effectively both orally and written.Ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely.1+ years RN experience required.
2200586276	PWDNET The incumbent in this position is responsible for providing assigned tasks and technical assistance to Surgical Services staff. The incumbent also serves as a liaison between Surgical Services staff and other departments. Essential Job Responsibilities Include:    - Technical Assistance - Check and assist with function of monitors and sensors    - Equipment - Locate, set-up and trouble shoot various types of equipment    - Department Support - Transport patients, stock supplies, assist with patient care routines    - Clerical - Assist with clerical duties when not busy Minimum Qualifications:    - High school diploma    - Effective communication skills    - The ability to work as an integral and collaborative team member    - Must be able to lift 75 pounds    - Basic Life Support Certification (CPR)Preferred Qualifications:     - Previous hospital or medical experience    - Knowledge of basic medical terminology    - Someone who is self-motivated and works independently
2200586277	PWDNET As a Medical Assistant at the company you will have the opportunity to work in the environment of a small clinic and at the same time be a part of a large  health care company.  Employer is a not for profit health care company that is committed to excellence. Employer delivers extraordinary patient care while offering excellent employment opportunities and benefits.The incumbent to this position will provide quality patient care efficiently and cost effectively by assisting Physicians and other providers in their specialized areas. The Medical Assistant I functions under the supervision of the Physician in the clinical setting and participates appropriately in the patient care delivery process. Completion of recognized Medical Assistant course. Previous Medical Assistant experience preferred.  Excellent communication and organization skills with the ability to prioritize and re-prioritize tasks.  Current CPR Health   Care Provider required.
2200586278	PWDNET Medical assisting is for those who have been trained as a Certified Medical Assistant (CMA), who enjoy working with people, and who want to provide extraordinary patient care by supporting Intermountain Healthcare's approach to "<EM>Healing for Life</EM>"In this position, you will help comfort patients, prepare patients to be seen by physicians, perform diagnostic tests and document patient care.  This position is to work Tuesday and Thursday with occasional Staurdays. Completion of recognized Medical Assistant course required.CPR certification Healthcare provider required Excellent communication skills.2 years experience preferredBilingual preferred
2200586281	PWDNET This position is accountable for performing quality diagnostic imaging examinations through the application of advanced clinical and technical knowledge while maintaining strict attention to patient care and in accordance with organization and department policy and procedures. This position is accountable for providing direct patient care and maintaining expertise for all ages spanning from neonatal / newborn to young adults. The patient acuity ranges from stable outpatients to critically ill patients on full life support. Must have current Utah licensure as a Rad Tech and be registered with ARRT. Must be able to position patients independently and safely. Previous training and experience in pediatric imaging is preferred.
2200586282	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible.Minimum of one year med/surg experience required.One year behavioral health experience preferred.Currently have several shifts available.
2200586283	PWDNET Medical assisting is for those who have been trained as a Certified Medical Assistant (CMA), who enjoy working with people, and who want to provide extraordinary patient care by supporting Intermountain Healthcare's approach to "<EM>Healing for Life</EM>"In this position, you will help comfort patients, prepare patients to be seen by physicians, perform diagnostic tests and document patient care.  This position if full time benefits eligible This position requires either a Medical Assistant Certification, the completion of recognized Medical Assistant course, and/or the ability to obtain a Medical Assistant Certification.Requires current Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) certification for Health Care Provider.Excellent communication skills.Experience with IDX and Clinical Workstation software preferred.Internal medicine experience is a plus
2200586368	Ensures that agency and/or state records are properly classified, processed and controlled. ; ;Ensures compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines, etc. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. ; ;Develops and maintains manual or automated records indexing systems, which ensure effective records storage, retrieval and retention of information. ; ;Develops or modifies rules, policies, or standards, etc. ; ;Interprets, clarifies, explains and applies agency policy and procedures, business practices, federal or state laws and regulations, etc. ; ;Supervises subordinate personnel including: hiring, determining workload and delegating assignments, training, monitoring and evaluating performance, and initiating corrective or disciplinary actions. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. Step 41 ($ 15.29) to Step 62 ($ 27.03) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; principles, theories, and practices of archiving; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and profes
2200586288	PWDNET An LPN practices under the direction of a registered nurse, licensed physician, or other specified health care professional and participates in patient care commensurate to scope of practice. As a private duty pediatric nurse you will be actively involved with other team members caring for technology dependent pediatric patients in their homes. You will provide skilled nursing care which can include patient/family teaching, IV lines, feeding tubes, ROM exercises, tracheostomy and ventilator care. You will have the opportunity for continued education with computer modules and monthly in-services designed specifically for pediatric nurses.  Shift differentials and Mileage reimbursement available.     - Demonstrates values consistent with Intermountain Healthcare Values    - Current license as a LPN by state in which you practice or license eligible    - Current and valid driver's license    - Access to insured and reliable transportation    - Acceptable driving record    - Good verbal and written communication skills    - Ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely.    - Basic life support certification (CPR/BLS)    - PREFERRED:    - Pediatric experience    - Ventilator/Trach experience    - Homecare experience
2200586371	Provides direct and/or indirect patient care oriented toward improving or maintaining health and preventing illness. ; ;Performs physical assessments of patients and/or residents; refers patients requiring further evaluation or treatment to a registered nurse, nurse practitioner, physician or other health care professional. ; ;Performs appraisals and adheres to plans guidelines and/or standard practices. ; ;Performs physical examinations and/or preventive health measures to assess and evaluate patient's clinical problems and health care needs. ; ;Administers and charts prescribed medications, observing and reporting any reactions. ; ;Recommends, advocates and/or implements, new and or changes to existing, policies and procedures, laws or regulations. ; ;Coordinates clinical activities and follow-up. ; ;Orders and maintains inventory of drugs, chemicals, or other controlled substances and ensures their security. ; ;Provides medical consultation in specialized areas of knowledge. ; ;Monitors and observes patients; records and reports patient's/client's conditions, progress, behaviors, activity, etc. ; ;Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Provides in-services for direct care staff on methods of patient care; oversees direct care staff in administering prescribed treatments. ; ;Adapts program(s) to meet specific needs or concerns. ; ;Provides preventative education and care to patients. ; ;Maintains and upda
2200586372	Conducts individual, family, or group therapy sessions in accordance with the established treatment plan and provides crisis intervention if necessary. ; ;Prepare psychological or mental health assessments by obtaining background information such as physical, psychological or mental health, and social factors which contribute to the client's situation and by studying case histories of clients/residents. ; ;Assesses situation and applies appropriate interventions to prevent or resolve crisis situations. ; ;Writes, implements, and provides documentation of individual client's treatment; maintains records to comply with federal requirements and writes reports indicative of progress or regression. ; ;Provides consultation, makes recommendations, gives appropriate advice, and/or facilitates decisions. ; ;Develops and implements treatment plans to help clients mobilize inner capacities and resources to improve social functioning. ; ;Provides case management to include evaluating the needs of clients, developing and implementing treatment plans, and monitoring progress. ; ;Facilitates the use of research data to improve existing programs and utilization of resources. ; ;Acts as an expert witness. Gives testimony and /or recommendations in court cases and/or hearings. Step 46 ($ 17.51) to Step 61 ($ 26.31) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use case management software systems; provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; court/hearing, rules, records, procedures and protoc
2200586399	Process applications for Utah registration, proportional registration and Uniform Prorate registration; verify proof of ownership by examination of the Manufacturer's Statement of Origin, Outstanding Certificate of Title, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Issues licenses, permits, registrations, certificates, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Receives and records cash payments; processes related paperwork. ; ;Processes transactions at a cash register, gives correct change and closes till at end of shift. ; ;Assists the public and others to complete forms, applications and other paperwork. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Interprets, clarifies, explains and applies agency policy and procedures, business practices, federal or state laws and regulations, etc. ; ;Perform other duties as assigned. $10.45 hourly Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; evaluate information against a set of standards; follow written and/
2200586400	Process applications for Utah registration, proportional registration and Uniform Prorate registration; verify proof of ownership by examination of the Manufacturer's Statement of Origin, Outstanding Certificate of Title, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Issues licenses, permits, registrations, certificates, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Receives and records cash payments; processes related paperwork. ; ;Processes transactions at a cash register, gives correct change and closes till at end of shift. ; ;Assists the public and others to complete forms, applications and other paperwork. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Interprets, clarifies, explains and applies agency policy and procedures, business practices, federal or state laws and regulations, etc. ; ;Perform other duties as assigned. $10.45 Hourly Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; use automated software applications; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; evaluate information against a
2200586401	Process applications for Utah registration, proportional registration and Uniform Prorate registration; verify proof of ownership by examination of the Manufacturer's Statement of Origin, Outstanding Certificate of Title, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Issues licenses, permits, registrations, certificates, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Receives and records cash payments; processes related paperwork. ; ;Processes transactions at a cash register, gives correct change and closes till at end of shift. ; ;Assists the public and others to complete forms, applications and other paperwork. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Interprets, clarifies, explains and applies agency policy and procedures, business practices, federal or state laws and regulations, etc. ; ;Perform other duties as assigned. $10.45 hourly Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; evaluate information against a set of standards; follow written and/
2200586429	Provides a variety of staff support services to an organizational unit/department. Administers various programs, projects, and/or processes specific to the operating unit served. May provide customer service by answering customer questions and inquiries. Assist others within and outside the company regarding issues related to the department. May train and assist other employees. Performs a variety of clerical duties, which may include answering phone, maintaining reports and other pertinent data. May assist in preparation and control of records, statistics, and reports regarding operations, etc. Other duties as assigned.Department Specialist I, N12 - Typically requires High School diploma or equivalent and 0+ years related experience. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts.
2200586430	Responsible for accurately processing debit and credit transactions in compliance with established policies and procedures, while maintaining an acceptable balancing record. Identifies and addresses clients needs by providing variety of services which may include opening new accounts, issuing counterchecks, performing address changes, issuing/activation ATM cards, performing money transfers, ordering checks, receiving loan payments, etc. Resolves clients problems either through direct personal action or referral to alternative branch or bank resources. Identifies and maximizes cross-sell banks opportunities through client profiling. Other duties as assigned. Teller I, N11 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and some cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Basic knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Teller II, N12 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 1+ yearcashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Working knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.Teller III, N13 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 2+ year cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience.
2200586431	Responsible for the sale of the Bank's Affinity products to business from small to large organizations by acting as a liaison between the client and the bank.Ensures that every sales effort has been made to maximize the full sales potential of the Affinity Program. Encourages clients in the program to open new accounts, apply for loans, and to generally market the Bank's products and services under the Affinity Program and in conjunction with Branch Managers.Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of clients or employees of organizations. Develops business plans to expand and maximize Affinity product potential and market.Meets with clients and participates in on-site presentations. Makes recommendations regarding products to clients. Makes decision on weather clients qualify for the Affinity programs. Will be required to travel. Other duties asassigned.Affinity Sales Representative, X20 - Requires a high school degree and 2+ years experience in business sales, branch banking, financial services or other directly related experience. Bachelor's degree in business or finance preferred Working knowledge of business product sales, sales management techniques and practices. Knowledge of banking products, community businesses, marketing, sales and business development. Must have excellent interpersonal, organization,presentation, communication skills, both verbal and written. Represent the company in a professional manor.
2200586433	Job Description:   Provides administrative and/or operational support within the one or more of the following loan areas; processing, closing, presentations, servicing, documentation, notes, disbursements, etc. May draft loan presentations, clear all identified loan exceptions. Maintains files, documents, notes, etc. Responsible for verifying completeness of files with all necessary documents and signatures required. May prepare and or track disbursements, loan documents, reports, obtain credit and/or financial information. Produce reports as required. Answer questions and follow up with Clients. Other duties as assigned.Loan Specialist I, N13 - Typically requires High School diploma or equivalent and 0 - 1 years related experience. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Basic knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist II, N14 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 1+ years of directly related experience. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques. Working knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist III, N15 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 2+ years of directly related experience. College degree preferred. Broad application of principles, theories, and concepts in applicable discipline. Proficient knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems.
2200586450	Works for the City Prosecutor and, as assigned under the direct supervision of individual City Prosecutors, determines the factual and analytical research necessary to carry out assignments related to numerous, simultaneously occurring cases. Work includes determining which legal references and resources to use as well as scope of research, the design of interview questions and which witnesses to interview, how to independently organize evidence and prepare exhibits, analyze and summarize facts, prepare, review and update trial folders as well as prepare and control legal documents for the City Attorneys Office and City Prosecutors Office as a whole. This is a professional position requiring independent judgment, a thorough knowledge of legal processes and litigation procedures, legal research methods and the ability to perform and track numerous, simultaneous tasks. As directed by the supervising attorneys, analyzes and summarizes factual data, statutory law, depositions or other informational material obtained from investigations, interviews, and pretrial discovery. Prepares written documents containing the legal analysis of research results. High School graduation or GED equivalent plus a certificate of Paralegal studies from an accredited institution, and four years, full time paid paralegal experience, including preparation and assistance in litigation procedures and substantive areas of the law.
2200586239	PWDNET The registered Medical Technologist is accountable for accurately performing a variety of qualitative and quantitative laboratory tests, both manual and automated, of varying complexity to be utilized in the diagnosis and treatment of pathological disease. Accountable for timely and accurate completion of clinical laboratory reports as well as for the use, operation and quality control of laboratory equipment. Must keep updated on new procedures. Participates in quality improvement and quality assurance activities and teams. Performs other job related duties as assigned. This position requires a Bachelors degree in Medical Technology culminating in a national certification. American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) certification preferred. This position requires a broad use of independent judgment, problem solving skills, and responsibility with minimal technical supervision. Must have proven effective interpersonal relationship and communication skills. Candidates with previous experience in hematology and chemistry preferred. Will also consider Medical Laboratory Technician, must be registry eligible.
2200586268	PWDNET The Critical Care Tech practices within the scope of the State of Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. The Critical Care Tech works under the direction of a Registered Nurse or delegated by Licensed Practical Nurse in the clinical setting and performs the basic patient care and related activities as delegated appropriately. Requires current Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification.Also requires current Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) certification for Health Care Provider.Effective interpersonal communication skills as well as must be physically able to perform tasks in the assigned work area(s).Part-time position. Must be available to the hours of  7:00 PM to 7:00 AM.Rotating weekends required.Benefits eligible.
2200586269	PWDNET The Health Unit Coordinator, under the direction of the Shift Coordinator, performs clerical duties in preparing, coordinating and compiling patient records and acts as a receptionist in patient care areas. The Health Unit Coordinator must demonstrate typing proficiency and have computer experience.Must have excellent customer service skills and previous job related public contact.Requires demonstrated ability to work effectively under periods of high stress.Medical Terminology required. Completion of a Health Unit Coordinator course is required.One year of clerical/secretarial experience preferred. Must type at least 30 WPM. Two full-time positions available. Nights position is (7:00pm-7:30am).Rotating weekends required.This position is benefits eligible.
2200586272	PWDNET This position will work evening shift with alternating weekends.  The Housekeeper will perform general housekeeping tasks according to detailed instructions in order to maintain the hospital in a sanitary, clean and attractive condition.  Essential Responsibilities Include:    - Cleaning of assigned area    - Disposal of hazardous waste    - Mix and administer cleaning chemicals    - Report repair needs in area of responsibility    - Operate assigned equipment    - Maintain work and storage areas    - Communication - provides service to all customers Minimum Requirements:    - Must be able to communicate knowledgeably in English with patients and staff    - Must be able to follow written and verbal instructions in order to properly mix and use chemicals and cleaning suppliesPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous housekeeping experience in a healthcare settingGeneral Physical Demands:    - Must able able to lift 50 pounds occasionally, and 30 pounds consistently    - Must be able to stand, bend, stoop, twist, and walk up and down stairs throughout shift    - Must be able to read color-coded labels on chemical containers
2200586273	PWDNET This position will work evening shift with alternating weekends.  The Housekeeper will perform general housekeeping tasks according to detailed instructions in order to maintain the hospital in a sanitary, clean and attractive condition.  Essential Responsibilities Include:    - Cleaning of assigned area    - Disposal of hazardous waste    - Mix and administer cleaning chemicals    - Report repair needs in area of responsibility    - Operate assigned equipment    - Maintain work and storage areas    - Communication - provides service to all customers Minimum Requirements:    - Must be able to communicate knowledgeably in English with patients and staff    - Must be able to follow written and verbal instructions in order to properly mix and use chemicals and cleaning suppliesPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous housekeeping experience in a healthcare settingGeneral Physical Demands:    - Must able able to lift 50 pounds occasionally, and 30 pounds consistently    - Must be able to stand, bend, stoop, twist, and walk up and down stairs throughout shift    - Must be able to read color-coded labels on chemical containers
2200586274	PWDNET This position will work evening shift with alternating weekends.  The Housekeeper will perform general housekeeping tasks according to detailed instructions in order to maintain the hospital in a sanitary, clean and attractive condition.  Essential Responsibilities Include:    - Cleaning of assigned area    - Disposal of hazardous waste    - Mix and administer cleaning chemicals    - Report repair needs in area of responsibility    - Operate assigned equipment    - Maintain work and storage areas    - Communication - provides service to all customers Minimum Requirements:    - Must be able to communicate knowledgeably in English with patients and staff    - Must be able to follow written and verbal instructions in order to properly mix and use chemicals and cleaning suppliesPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous housekeeping experience in a healthcare settingGeneral Physical Demands:    - Must able able to lift 50 pounds occasionally, and 30 pounds consistently    - Must be able to stand, bend, stoop, twist, and walk up and down stairs throughout shift    - Must be able to read color-coded labels on chemical containers
2200586275	PWDNET This position will work evening shift with alternating weekends.  The Housekeeper will perform general housekeeping tasks according to detailed instructions in order to maintain the hospital in a sanitary, clean and attractive condition.  Essential Responsibilities Include:    - Cleaning of assigned area    - Disposal of hazardous waste    - Mix and administer cleaning chemicals    - Report repair needs in area of responsibility    - Operate assigned equipment    - Maintain work and storage areas    - Communication - provides service to all customers Minimum Requirements:    - Must be able to communicate knowledgeably in English with patients and staff    - Must be able to follow written and verbal instructions in order to properly mix and use chemicals and cleaning suppliesPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous housekeeping experience in a healthcare settingGeneral Physical Demands:    - Must able able to lift 50 pounds occasionally, and 30 pounds consistently    - Must be able to stand, bend, stoop, twist, and walk up and down stairs throughout shift    - Must be able to read color-coded labels on chemical containers
2200586365	Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Represents the agency with federal, state, and local government units, in the media, or with private organizations. ; ;Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. ; ;Develops, directs, and/or evaluates programs. Step 54 ($ 21.76) to Step 69 ($ 32.69) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; principles, theories, and practices of budget management; principles, theories, and practices of business administration including accounting, human and material resource management in organizations, sales and marketing, economics, and office information and organizing systems; weigh the relative costs and benefits of a potential action; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; establish objectives and specify the strategies and actions to achieve these objectives; control or direct the operation of a program or function; determine how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures; principles, theories, and practices of public relations; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as pre
2200586366	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Represents the agency with federal, state, and local government units, in the media, or with private organizations. ; ;Prepare maps and reports on sub-disciplines to hydrogeology. ; ;Designs, develops, and conducts a variety of research projects; determines appropriate methodologies, information sources, sampling strategies, and data-collection tools, etc. Step 56 ($ 22.98) to Step 71 ($ 34.52) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; principles, theories, and practices of geology; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; research methods, techniques, and/or sources of information; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; applicable measurement and/or sampling methods and technologies. F
2200586367	Provides direct patient care in the clinical setting including: assessment, screening, diagnosis, and treatment of patients; determines the degree of disabilities of the patients. ; ;Coordinates and refers services of community resources, placement providers, collateral agencies, the court, and/or other community partners with families, clients, or patients receiving services. ; ;Analyze and test items. Interpret results and/or implement changes. ; ;Provides medical consultation in specialized areas of knowledge. ; ;Supervises subordinate personnel including: hiring, determining workload and delegating assignments, training, monitoring and evaluating performance, and initiating corrective or disciplinary actions. Step 82 ($ 46.52) to Step 102($ 80.02) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; principles, theories, and practices of medicine; diagnose medical conditions; principles, theories, and practices of medicine; use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; medical terminology; evaluate information against a set of standards; agency and community resources and services; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; supervise others by assigning/directing work; conducting employee evaluations, staff training and development, taking appropriate disciplinary/corrective actions
2200586369	Provides direct and/or indirect patient care oriented toward improving or maintaining health and preventing illness. ; ;Performs physical examinations and/or preventive health measures to assess and evaluate patient's clinical problems and health care needs. ; ;Recommends, advocates and/or implements, new and or changes to existing, policies and procedures, laws or regulations. ; ;Coordinates clinical activities and follow-up. ; ;Provides medical consultation in specialized areas of knowledge. ; ;Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Adapts program(s) to meet specific needs or concerns. ; ;Maintains and updates patient charts, records, and information. Step 52 ($20.61) to Step 61 ($ 26.31) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to find, gather and collect information or data; provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; administer first aid and/or CPR; principles, theories, and practice of foods and nutrition; develop approaches for implementation of an idea, program or change in operations; principles, theories, and practices of medicine; make a decision or solve a problem by using logic to identify key facts, explore alternatives, and propose quality solutions; assess physical, mental, social or economic needs; identify developmental needs of others and coach, mentor, or otherwise help others to improve their knowledge, skills and abilities; principles, theories, and practices of nursing; principles,
2200586370	Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Counsels clients and prospective clients; screens referrals, provides community outreach. ; ;Assesses client/patient needs. Develops and implements plans to meet those needs. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Reviews client rehabilitation plans, negotiates with client on individual written rehabilitation plan including determination of financial need and available comparable benefits. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Collects and reviews client information to determine client's/applicant's eligibility and options. ; ;Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. ; ;Designs and/or prepares training/instructional materials, teaching aids and devices. ; ;Gathers data, prepares reports or summarizes information. ; ;Ensures progress towards intermediate objectives and vocational goals. ; ;Manages caseload to include: processing updates, filling out forms and recording activities; monitoring and achieving caseload production standards, etc. ; ;Coordinates client services with appropriate professional and/or specialty clinic. ; ;Evaluates client's abilities and disabilities, reviews medical, psychological, vocational, and educational data to determine eligibility, vocational handicap, func
2200586373	Detects and eliminates or minimizes safety hazards. ; ;Operates, maintains, calibrates and adjusts specialized equipment. ; ;Maintain and repair hard and soft surface roadway including seal coating, crack sealing, lane leveling, grading gravel roads, filling ruts, grading and rebuilding shoulders, etc. ; ;Uses and operates a variety of hand tools, electrical, mechanical, and automotive equipment. ; ;Inspects facilities, machinery, equipment, systems, etc., to verify safety, maintenance, conditions, functions, and quality. ; ;Maintains roadways including vegetation, weed control, drainage, sign and structure maintenance, litter pick-up, repairing fences and guardrails, yard and driveway cleaning, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Reviews contractors' payroll transmittals and documentation; informs supervisor of problems, errors and need for corrections. ; ;Performs general road construction duties; flagging, clears brush for line of sight, assists in establishing benchmarks as directed, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Works in a team effort to help the maintenance or service operations become successful. ; ;Inspects materials used in construction projects to ensure materials have been certified for use and meet specifications. ; ;Gathers, identifies, and/or stores samples of materials to be tested on site or forwarded to a laboratory for testing. ; ;Services equipment with fuel, oil and ot
2200586397	Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Types and prepares reports or other written materials from source documents, transcription, etc. ; ;Retrieves data found in databases to generate requested reports. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. ; ;Acts as a resource to provide information or determine the most effective way of meeting the needs of management, staff, clients or customers. ; ;Verifies data entry by comparing the source document against input data, utilizing automated verification system, using dual entry or other verification technique . ; ;Maintains and/or creates files or record keeping systems. Sorts, labels, files and retrieves documents, or other materials. ; ;Edits written material for accuracy, format, and arrangement of material. ; ;Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Reviews data, records and files for detail and accuracy. ; ;Monitor, track and follow up on documentation, case files or other assignments to e
2200586426	Job Description:   Provides administrative and/or operational support within the one or more of the following loan areas; processing, closing, presentations, servicing, documentation, notes, disbursements, etc. May draft loan presentations, clear all identified loan exceptions. Maintains files, documents, notes, etc. Responsible for verifying completeness of files with all necessary documents and signatures required. May prepare and or track disbursements, loan documents, reports, obtain credit and/or financial information. Produce reports as required. Answer questions and follow up with Clients. Other duties as assigned.Loan Specialist I, N13 - Typically requires High School diploma or equivalent and 0 - 1 years related experience. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Basic knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist II, N14 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 1+ years of directly related experience. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques. Working knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems and pc's.Loan Specialist III, N15 - Typically requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 2+ years of directly related experience. College degree preferred. Broad application of principles, theories, and concepts in applicable discipline. Proficient knowledge of lending processes, loan principles, loan systems.
2200586427	Provides a variety of administrative and staff support services to an organizational unit. Performs a variety of clerical duties, which may include word processing, opening and sorting mail, answering phones, maintaining reports and other pertinent data. May assist in budget preparation and control activities. May assist in preparation and control of records, statistics, and reports regarding operations, personnel changes, etc. May administers various programs, projects, and/or processes specific to the operating unit served. May serve as administrative liaison with others within and outside the company regarding administrative issues related to purchasing, personnel, facilities,and operations. May train and assist other employees. Other duties as assigned.Administrative Assistant I, N12 - Requires High School diploma or equivalent and some office, clerical, word processing or related experience Must have a basic knowledge of departmental functions, banking and/or departmental process and procedures. Requires word processing, computer and customer service skills.Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts.Administrative Assistant II, N13 - Requires High School diploma or equivalent and 1+ year office, clerical, word processing or related experience. Must have a working knowledge of departmental functions, banking and/or departmental process and procedures. Requires word processing, computer and customer service skills.
2200586428	Candidate will have a strong knowledge of BMC?s Control-M scheduling software as it relates to the actual day-to-day use of Control-M. This would include knowledge for both mainframe and open systems (distributed) as it relates to creating, monitoring, and support of jobs.Additional Information: - Requires a High School diploma or equivalent and 6+ years of directly related experience. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Expert knowledge of flow, concepts and fundamentals of job scheduling, print functions and output management, JCL statements and usage, MVS fundamentals and computer room equipment. Previous experience as a computer operator.
2200586585	Responsible for assisting and supporting the Customer Service Manager in customer service, sales and branch operations. Understands, communicates and works to achieve the mission of the Bank. Position Accountabilities- Responsible for fostering growth of relationships within the Bank. Participates in selling and cross-selling Bank products.- Performs operational functions required to maintain compliance with regulatory guidelines (i.e., customer/branch research, monitoring completion of back office duties, reporting, etc.).- Assists and relieves in various customer service functions.- Provides superior customer service. Handles customer service problems using established policies/procedures.- May assist Customer Service Manager with branch personnel issues such as employee counseling, balancing and scheduling.- Assists the Customer Service Manager in performing self-audits (i.e., certifications).- Assists in the job training and cross-training of the customer service staff.- Supports Branch management in the branch marketing and sales effort.- Supports Branch management in ensuring that branch personnel comply with all rules and regulations.- Performs other duties as assigned. Job Specifications Required Education or Equivalent Experience- High school diploma or equivalent combination of training and experience Required Experience-
2200586586	Position Summary  Provides high quality customer service by meeting the needs of customers in an efficient and friendly manner. Identifies sales and cross-selling opportunities.  Performs routine office and clerical duties. Maintains operational quality and standards. Acts as the customers' first "point-of-contact" with the Bank. Position Accountabilities- Ensures positive public perceptions of the Bank by extending a courteous greeting and welcome to customers and visitors. Provides accurate and timely customer service.- Supports the Bank?s sales objectives and campaigns by cross-selling basic products, or by referring customers to other Bank employees responsible for closing sales.- Adheres to Bank?s security and audit procedures.- Protects the Bank's financial interests by controlling and balancing the assigned cash drawer and negotiable items received/disbursed. Maintains acceptable balancing record per established standards.- Processes customer transactions efficiently and accurately. Follow policies/procedures to minimize losses.- Answers telephone inquiries. Directs questions to appropriate Branch personnel. Responds to customer mail inquiries. Researches/resolves customer problems.- Performs routine office and clerical duties (i.e., filing signature cards; preparing bank bag for pickup; night deposit, ATM custodian, etc.).- Performs other duties as assigned.
2200586587	SERVICE WRITER  Description* Determines specialized product needs and services by working directly with customers* Promotes installation sales through direct interaction with dealership* Reviews each job for proper size, colors, placement of product, etc. prior to scheduling job for installation* Suggests add-on sales to increase average transactions* Provides price estimates for designated installations prior to scheduling appointments* Provides cradle to grave customer service* Keeps customers apprised of work progress* Schedules installation appointments with designated staff* Keeps prepayment logs* Schedules and confirms appointments* Monitors daily parts traffic and receives parts of installations* Performs duties at company established performance levels* Inspects vehicle to ensure proper parts are ordered* Monitors operation of newly installed equipment* Maintains a safe work area for customers and coworkers* Performs other miscellaneous duties as assigned* May cross train to perform other duties* Assists in managing returns to vendors and all VCB processesThis is a summary of the position and is not intended to be a complete job description. Please refer to the job description for specifics related to job responsibilities, job requirements, job qualification and physical requirements for the position. Employment offers are contingent upon verification
2200586588	The Restaurant Manager Is the Most Important Job  We're looking for the very best people to manage our restaurants. You must be: passionate about food and running a great restaurant, a great communicator, and able to recognize and develop talent. Position Summary Sets and achieves the highest standard in field management, employee experience, customer experience and financial results. Effectively maintains a balance between the results of the customer, the Assistant Manager and the employee.Main Accountabilities In addition to following policies and procedures, main accountabilities are as follows:? Compiles, prepares, and maintains P&L statements, budgets and cost controls in regards to food, beverage and labor goals. This includes implementing and practicing proper payroll procedures.? Properly trains and develops both hourly employees and Assistant Managers through quality orientations, direction and feedback, refresher courses, performance evaluations and recognition. Fosters a teamwork environment.? Ensures that Safety and Security Awareness are emphasized, practiced and periodically inspected, and that employees are trained in appropriate responses to unsafe situations.? Performs required administrative duties, which includes processing, in a timely manner, required paperwork for the corporate office, and meeting
2200586233	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible.
2200586234	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible. Must have a current CPR card.
2200586235	PWDNET Provides quality patient care efficiently and cost effectively by assisting Physicians and other providers in their specialized areas.  The Medical Assistant I functions under the supervision of the Physician in the clinical setting and participates appropriately in the patient care delivery process Completion of recognized Medical Assistant course. Previous Medical Assistant experience preferred.  Excellent communication and organization skills with the ability to prioritize and reprioritize tasks.  Current CPR Health Care Provider required.
2200586262	PWDNET The Clinical Laboratory Assistant (CLA) assists with organizing and performing the work activities in the Processing/Send-out section of the Laboratory Services Department.  They receive and process specimens for the laboratory, as well as process laboratory specimens for a variety of reference laboratories. Essential Responsibilities:    - Receive and process orders from nursing units and physicians    - Process laboratory samples in an accurate, timely manner    - Review reference laboratory invoices for accuracy    - Receive and transcribe results from reference laboratories    - Maintains well-stocked work areas to ensure supplies are readily available  Minimum Qualifications:    - Must be willing to train at least 24 hours per week for 6-8 weeks    - High School diploma or equivalent    - Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills    - Must have the ability to follow work instructions and procedures    - Basic computer skillsPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous experience working in a hospital lab or medical setting
2200586270	PWDNET The Health Unit Coordinator coordinates patient and other unit activities by processing and communicating therapeutic and diagnostic orders written by medical staff to nursing and other ancillary staffs; maintains patient records while patient is on the nursing unit; managing unit supplies and requisition of services; acts as receptionist for the nursing unit; promotes guest relations by interacting and responding to patients, families, visitors and staff in an appropriate and professional manner. Minimum qualifications for this position include a High School Diploma or equivalent. Must be computer literate. Must have 1 year of experience as a Health Unit Coordinator or have completed a Health Unit Coordinator course. This position requires a team player with initiative, effective communication skills, a pleasant and cooperative attitude, and good problem solving skills. Ability to work well under pressure and set priorities.
2200586271	PWDNET Committed to helping people care for themselves? This Homecare has an exciting opportunity for a nurse manager to lead a multidisciplinary (RNs, Home Care Assistants, Rehab Therapists and Social Workers) Home Health team in the Salt Lake service area.  We are looking for someone to manage the day to day Home Health operations for the North and South Teams, and ensure that patient & family needs are met through implementation of best practice initiatives with creativity and innovation.   Current RN license in the state of UtahFive years direct patient careThree year's previous supervisory experienceComputer skills in word processing, email, and clinical documentation systemsCPR certificationBachelor's Degree in Nursing or related field (or ability to obtain one by 2010)PREFERRED:Home Health experienceDemonstrated excellent customer service
2200586364	Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Types and prepares reports or other written materials from source documents, transcription, etc. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. ; ;Verifies data entry by comparing the source document against input data, utilizing automated verification system, using dual entry or other verification technique . Step 25 ($ 9.92) to Step 45 ($ 17.04) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to find, gather and collect information or data; use automated software applications; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; principles, practices and procedures of an office environment; operate office equipment; assemble, sort, and/or distribute documents, supplies, and/or materials/items; compile, code, categorize, calculate, tabulate, audit, verify, or process information or data; review and/or edit documents for accuracy and completeness; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; research methods, techniques, and/or sources of information; maintain confidentiality. F
2200586392	Conducts audits (i.e. determines the nature, scope and direction of the audit; reviews and analyzes available information, identifies potential issues, schedules audit, prepares audit work papers, etc.). ; ;Audits and reviews systems and practices to ensure compliance with procedures, regulations and standards. ; ;Reviews and/or evaluates reports, documents, laws, rules, and regulations; edits prepares, or approves summaries of findings. ; ;Reviews fiscal operations to ensure integrity, accuracy and control of data. ; ;Identifies problems or potential problem areas and recommends solutions. ; ;Review preliminary audit findings with those being audited; prepare/oversee the preparation of formal audit reports; participate in or hold meetings to clarify, resolve and settle audit issues. ; ;Reviews and evaluates organizational effectiveness, goal determination, and strategic planning, etc., and makes recommendations for improvement. ; ;Consults with managers, executives, and employees to identify problems, develop improvements, create and maintain quality standards. $24.90 to $26.34 Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; conduct a methodical examination; assess the operational impact of legislation or audit recommendations on an agency or State service; provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; assess risk and impose appropriate restrictions;
2200586395	Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Counsels clients and prospective clients; screens referrals, provides community outreach. ; ;Assesses client/patient needs. Develops and implements plans to meet those needs. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Reviews client rehabilitation plans, negotiates with client on individual written rehabilitation plan including determination of financial need and available comparable benefits. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Collects and reviews client information to determine client's/applicant's eligibility and options. ; ;Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. ; ;Designs and/or prepares training/instructional materials, teaching aids and devices. ; ;Gathers data, prepares reports or summarizes information. ; ;Ensures progress towards intermediate objectives and vocational goals. ; ;Manages caseload to include: processing updates, filling out forms and recording activities; monitoring and achieving caseload production standards, etc. ; ;Coordinates client services with appropriate professional and/or specialty clinic. ; ;Evaluates client's abilities and disabilities, reviews medical, psychological, vocational, and educational data to determine eligibility, vocational handicap, func
2200586396	Provides direct and/or indirect patient care oriented toward improving or maintaining health and preventing illness. ; ;Performs physical assessments of patients and/or residents; refers patients requiring further evaluation or treatment to a registered nurse, nurse practitioner, physician or other health care professional. ; ;Performs appraisals and adheres to plans guidelines and/or standard practices. ; ;Performs physical examinations and/or preventive health measures to assess and evaluate patient's clinical problems and health care needs. ; ;Administers and charts prescribed medications, observing and reporting any reactions. ; ;Recommends, advocates and/or implements, new and or changes to existing, policies and procedures, laws or regulations. ; ;Coordinates clinical activities and follow-up. ; ;Orders and maintains inventory of drugs, chemicals, or other controlled substances and ensures their security. ; ;Provides medical consultation in specialized areas of knowledge. ; ;Monitors and observes patients; records and reports patient's/client's conditions, progress, behaviors, activity, etc. ; ;Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Provides in-services for direct care staff on methods of patient care; oversees direct care staff in administering prescribed treatments. ; ;Adapts program(s) to meet specific needs or concerns. ; ;Provides preventative education and care to patients. ; ;Maintains and upda
2200586398	Troubleshoots and diagnoses problems, make adjustments, repairs and/or performs preventative maintenance on computers, vehicles, equipment, or machinery, etc. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Selects computer related hardware, software, and operating systems according to the user's needs. ; ;Installs parts, equipment, lines, hardware or software, etc.; troubleshoots and makes adjustments to optimize initial performance. ; ;Recommends user level computer system enhancements to better meet customer needs. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. Step 55 ($ 22.36) to Step 71 ($ 34.52) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to computer hardware and system development; principles, theories, and practices of computer science; test software using appropriate methodology and techniques; determine what is causing an operating error and determine resolution; provide consultation and/or expert advice or testimony; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; use State or agency-specific software application program(s); use equipment management system software. F
2200586424	Provides leadership and support for sales activities and the development of the sales team. Responsible to increase sales through a staff of Business Development and/or Relationship Officers. Provides support for identifying and solving complex customer problems and developing presentations as needed.Assists officers with the development and support of sales and proposals.Determines with management appropriate sales training for staff as needed.Assist officers as needed in post sales support for transition and project startup activities. Oversee marketing of products and services. Other duties asassigned.Business Development Manager, X25 - Typically requires a Bachelors Degree and 7+years of directly related experience. Requires advanced knowledge of professional field. Applies advanced principles, theories and concepts.Contributes to the development of new principles and concepts.
2200586425	Acts as a liaison with clients, vendors and company representatives assuring effective implementation of new product lines. Responsible for the daily workflow to ensure operating schedules are met and staff is adequately trained.Supervises staff, sets work schedules, allocates and monitors work. Has authority concerning staffing, performance evaluations, promotions, salary recommendation and terminations. Assists manager in providing efficient and effective services to customers. Reviews and analyses existing procedures and recommends changes when necessary to make sure area is efficient. Develop straining and user manuals. Develops reports for corporate use. Other duties assigned Mgr - New Products, X24 - Typically requires a Bachelors and 8+ years of directly related experience. Management experience required. Motivational,budgeting and project management experience preferred. Requires an in-depth knowledge of healthcare payment processing. Must have supervisory and office management skills.
2200586609	 a leading professional services firm in natural and built environments for municipalities, government agencies, multinational companies and industrial concerns across the nation. With nearly 2,000 staff, is one of the nation's largest employee-owned firms providing planning, engineering, scientific, technical and management solutions. Whether you are an experienced professional or a recent graduate,  you can work with some of the best minds in the industry. As an employee-owner, you'll have a genuine stake in the success of our company and share in our commitment to exceptional customer service. This means that our employee-owners channel the additional energy of ownership into their work on behalf of our clients, consistently delivering high quality and responsive service that our clients have come to expect. Our clients select us because they know they can expect more from us. In the same way
2200586610	a leading professional services firm in natural and built environments for municipalities, government agencies, multinational companies and industrial concerns across the nation. With nearly 2,000 staff, is one of the nation's largest employee-owned firms providing planning, engineering, scientific, technical and management solutions.Whether you are an experienced professional or a recent graduate,  you can work with some of the best minds in the industry. As an employee-owner, you'll have a genuine stake in the success of our company and share in our commitment to exceptional customer service. This means that our employee-owners channel the additional energy of ownership into their work on behalf of our clients, consistently delivering high quality and responsive service that our clients have come to expect.Our clients select us because they know they can expect more from us.
2200586611	We are seeking a Manager to join our Corporate Tax practice in our Salt Lake City office. Federal Tax Services Practice is a resource for clients that need help complying with the latest IRS rules and regulations. Our tax professionals who handle federal tax issues bring the experience and commitment necessary to deliver tax compliance and advisory services to help meet our clients' specific needs  Federal Tax Services Practice offers a broad range of capabilities in the following areas:? Compliance and Advisory Services: comprehensive day-to-day tax advisory services, tax compliance services, regulatory representation, and tax provision preparation and review? Accounting Methods and Credit Services: tax accounting services, research and experimentation tax credit review, and fixed asset review? Mergers and Acquisitions: due diligence, acquisition and disposition tax planning, and services related to troubled companies? Tax Controversy Services: tax court services and alternative dispute resolution services? Tax Management Services: tax operational analysis, tax outsourcing, and tax
2200586622	Duties and Responsibilities:? Provide quality reproduction of all materials submitted by customer, including binding, hole punching, stapling and non-technical maintenance of the copiers.? Complete job tickets with minimum instructions.? Schedule individual jobs and determine which equipment should be used based on size and complexity.? Troubleshoot jams and perform normal key operator preventative maintenance on machines.? Monitor usage of materials and supplies and order as necessary to maintain effective levels.? Maintain records and logs of equipment usage and recommend technical direction.? Keep accurate meter reads when required.? Maintain knowledge through formal training and independent study of the operations manuals.? Make deliveries
2200586612	Required skills Java/C++ programming skills, able to apply software engineering methodologies to work, Good team player Specific Job Description Candidate will work in teams on IRAD and direct customer work as an entry level professional software engineer using Java, C++, web related technologies, SOA Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Standard Job Description Plans, conducts, and coordinates software development activities. Designs, develops, documents, tests, and debugs software that contains logical and mathematical solutions to business/mission problems or questions in computer language for solutions by means of data processing equipment. Applies the appropriate standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout the development life cycle. Applies knowledge of computer hardware and software, subject matter to be programmed in business/mission applications, information processing techniques used, and information gathered from system users to develop software. Corrects program errors, prepares operating instructions, compiles documentation of program development, and analyzes system capabilities to resolve questions of program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques, and controls. Ensures software standards are met.
2200586613	one of the largest employers of clinicians in the nation; we make our employees a top priority. As an employee, will provide you with the same level of care and dedication that you provide your patients. We know that you are entitled to great benefits, flexible scheduling options and rewarding assignments in some of the best medical environments. Our Healthcare Recruiters will work hard to accommodate your career preferences. As a member of our dynamic healthcare team you will choose from prestigious assignments in top medical facilities and home-based settings. Our supportive staff will match your skills, experience and schedule to find you the best long-term, short-term or travel assignments.  Recruiters will be available around-the-clock to provide the assistance that you need to get your job done. Whether you prefer day, evening or night shifts,  has the solution for you. Qualifications Registered Nurse / RN Duties / Details: Skilled Registered Nurse / RN is needed to work in our client?s homes to provide direct patient care. Registered Nurse / RN will observe, assess, and record symptoms, reactions, and progress in patients; administer medications; and assist in rehabilitation. Registered Nurse / RN will also develop and manage nursing care plans, instruct patients and their family
2200586623	This position is licensed and is accountable for providing education and quality healthcare services to patients and their families, including assessments, follow-up, consultation and promotion to referral sources. SCOPE This position serves as a clinical practitioner, is licensed, and has a clinical scope of practice regulated by their state licensing board as a Respiratory Therapist. Incumbents delivery respiratory services. Incumbents function as a resource to clinical associates for orientation and training. REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS This position reports to either a Clinical Supervisor/Manager, Respiratory Manager or a Branch Manager and may lead other licensed or non-licensed personnel, as assigned. WORKING CONDITIONS  In addition to being able to sit, stand, walk, read, talk, and hear, to perform the essential functions of this job an individual must be able to do the following additional activities. Accommodations will be made if they are reasonable, do not create an undue hardship, and will enable an individual with a disability to safely perform the essential job functions. Respiratory Therapists will work in an office, hospital and/or home environment. Those in the field will experience frequent changes in temperature due to driving and patient visits. Those in the field are regularly required to carry and lift 20 lbs. Must be able to bend, stoop and climb
2200586013	WEB DEVELOPER Are you ready to take your career to the next level?  Come work for a company that values the difference that only YOU can make!  The position is located in Ogden, UT.  Job duties will include:  Web Design/ Maintenance  Design/ Print Materials  Photo/Video Production  Technical Support  Creatively translate abstract concepts into effective visual form in a variety of media; adapt graphics to fit needs of clients and target audience; utilize state of the art production tools to design and produce video and graphic materials; communicate effectively in both oral and written form; compose and edit written materials; explain technical concepts in non-technical terms to staff and customers; research and learn new software and adapt to changes in technology; prioritize, organize, and schedule work assignments and projects Establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted during the course of work Other duties as needed In order to take advantage of this terrific opportunity the following skills are required: Ability to work well without supervision Any combination of education and training which demonstrates the ability to perform the duties and responsibilities as described. Advanced coursework in graphic design and Web design is desirable Progressive responsible experience in the conceptualization, design, and production of graphics
2200586014	Banquet Servers Will be serving food to the public in a banquet atmosphere. Job Duties will include: Serving food Keeping water glass full Assisting with any other work related duties concerning the banquet patrons Qualified Candidates must possess the following: Must have prior banquet experience, or serving experience Must have banquet attire, black pants, shoes, sock, white tuxedo shirt and black bow tie Must be clean shaven and no jeans Hours will vary, usually a 6 to 8 hours a shift for this Temporary Position. Pay will start at $10.00/hour.
2200586026	Under the general direction of the Director, independently provides holistic, individualized care using the nursing process for patients routinely seen on the unit. Demonstrates clinical competency, nursing judgment, teaching skills, and a commitment to improving the quality of patient care. Independently performs general and unit specific clinical skills. Assessment of Patients: Systematically and continually assesses the health and status of the patient assuring the application of age specific standards. Care of the Patient: In collaboration with the patient/family, with regard to developmental, cultural and age specific differences, develops and implements patient care plans to include problems, goals, evaluations and interventions. Education of patient/family: Provides patient/family education with regard to assessing ability to learn, special learning needs, and evaluating effectiveness of teaching. Current licensure as a registered nurse in the state of Utah. Maintains current BLS certification. Education: BSN preferred. Special Qualifications: Successfully completes general nursing and unit orientation. Effective communication skills; both orally and written. Computer skills needed. Ability to work with others within a team to ensure quality patient care. Strong problem solving skills. Good customer service skills.
2200586027	Pastoral Care Various Associate Degree preferred Minimum 2 years experience at Administrative Assistant or Executive Assistant level, or relevant experience preferred
2200586028	 Days One year previous experience required.
2200586029	Under the general direction of the Director, independently provides holistic, individualized care using the nursing process for patients routinely seen on the unit. Demonstrates clinical competency, nursing judgment, teaching skills, and a commitment to improving the quality of patient care. Independently performs general and unit specific clinical skills. Assessment of Patients: Systematically and continually assesses the health and status of the patient assuring the application of age specific standards. Care of the Patient: In collaboration with the patient/family, with regard to developmental, cultural and age specific differences, develops and implements patient care plans to include problems, goals, evaluations and interventions. Education of patient/family: Provides patient/family education with regard to assessing ability to learn, special learning needs, and evaluating effectiveness of teaching. Current licensure as a registered nurse in the state of Utah. Maintains current BLS certification. Education: BSN preferred. Special Qualifications: Successfully completes general nursing and unit orientation. Effective communication skills; both orally and written. Computer skills needed. Ability to work with others within a team to ensure quality patient care. Strong problem solving skills. Good customer service skills.
2200586030	 M-F Prefer 1 - 3 years of CT experience. Some Saturdays may be required.
2200586263	PWDNET The Clinical Laboratory Assistant (CLA) assists with organizing and performing the work activities in the Processing/Send-out section of the Laboratory Services Department.  They receive and process specimens for the laboratory, as well as process laboratory specimens for a variety of reference laboratories. Essential Responsibilities:    - Receive and process orders from nursing units and physicians    - Process laboratory samples in an accurate, timely manner    - Review reference laboratory invoices for accuracy    - Receive and transcribe results from reference laboratories    - Maintains well-stocked work areas to ensure supplies are readily available  Minimum Qualifications:    - Must be willing to train at least 24 hours per week for 6-8 weeks    - High School diploma or equivalent    - Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills    - Must have the ability to follow work instructions and procedures    - Basic computer skillsPreferred Qualifications:    - Previous experience working in a hospital lab or medical setting
2200586264	PWDNET The Critical Care Tech practices within the scope of the State of Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. The Critical Care Tech works under the direction of a Registered Nurse or delegated by Licensed Practical Nurse in the clinical setting and performs the basic patient care and related activities as delegated appropriately. Requires current Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. Also requires current Healthcare Provider CPR Certification.Preferred at least 1 years CNA experience.Six months work experience as a Health Unit Coordinator. Completion of a Health Unit Coordinator course is preferred.Medical Terminology required.Primary function is a Critical Care Tech, candidate will also work as a Health Unit Coordinator as needed.  Night shift position. Hours are 7:00 PM to 7:00 AM.
2200586266	PWDNET The Critical Care Tech practices within the scope of the State of Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. The Critical Care Tech works under the direction of a Registered Nurse or delegated by Licensed Practical Nurse in the clinical setting and performs the basic patient care and related activities as delegated appropriately. Requires current Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. Also requires current Healthcare Provider CPR Certification.Preferred at least 1 years CNA experience.Six months work experience as a Health Unit Coordinator. Completion of a Health Unit Coordinator course is preferred.Medical Terminology required.Primary function is a Critical Care Tech, candidate will also work as a Health Unit Coordinator as needed.  Part-time night shift position. Hours are 7:00 PM to 7:00 AM.
2200586267	PWDNET The Critical Care Tech practices within the scope of the State of Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification. The Critical Care Tech works under the direction of a Registered Nurse or delegated by Licensed Practical Nurse in the clinical setting and performs the basic patient care and related activities as delegated appropriately. Requires current Utah Certified Nurse Assistant Certification.Also requires current Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) certification for Health Care Provider.Effective interpersonal communication skills as well as must be physically able to perform tasks in the assigned work area(s).Full-time position. Must be available to the hours of  7:00 AM to 7:00 PM.Rotating weekends required.Benefits eligible.
2200586393	Organizes, prepares and processes documents for filming \ scanning. ; ;Operates a variety of imaging, microfilming or scanning equipment to perform filming \ scanning projects. ; ;Develops and maintains manual or automated records indexing systems, which ensure effective records storage, retrieval and retention of information. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Maintains and/or creates files or record keeping systems. Sorts, labels, files and retrieves documents, or other materials. Step 32 ($ 11.98) to Step 52 ($ 20.61) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; find, gather and collect information or data; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; communicate fluently in English; evaluate information against a set of standards; establish, organize and/or maintain files; follow written and/or oral instructions; principles, practices and procedures of an office en
2200586394	Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Counsels clients and prospective clients; screens referrals, provides community outreach. ; ;Assesses client/patient needs. Develops and implements plans to meet those needs. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Reviews client rehabilitation plans, negotiates with client on individual written rehabilitation plan including determination of financial need and available comparable benefits. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Collects and reviews client information to determine client's/applicant's eligibility and options. ; ;Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. ; ;Designs and/or prepares training/instructional materials, teaching aids and devices. ; ;Gathers data, prepares reports or summarizes information. ; ;Ensures progress towards intermediate objectives and vocational goals. ; ;Manages caseload to include: processing updates, filling out forms and recording activities; monitoring and achieving caseload production standards, etc. ; ;Coordinates client services with appropriate professional and/or specialty clinic. ; ;Evaluates client's abilities and disabilities, reviews medical, psychological, vocational, and educational data to determine eligibility, vocational handicap, func
2200586420	Position has responsibility for daily branch operations, including management of Tellers, Financial Service Representatives, Personal Bankers and Customer Service staff (excluding commercial and consumer lending staff). Responsible for hiring, firing, reviewing and counseling staff. Reviews work schedules and ensures adequate coverage. Responsible for keeping branch in compliance with all bank policies and procedures prepares branch for internal audits. Monitors branch service levels and coaches staff to achieve appropriate levels. Responds to more complex customer complaints an questions. Opens and/or closes branch.  Communicates and manages promotional campaigns and product initiatives. Other duties as assigned.Br Cust Srv Mgr I, X19 - Typically requires a high school degree and 1- 3 years related banking including supervisory and customer service experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may meet qualification.Ability needed to create relationships with a small client base. Frequent contact with employees and customer requires effective communication skills.Br Cust Srv Mgr II, X20 - Typically requires a high school degree and 2+ years related banking including customer service management experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may meet qualification. Ability needed to create relationships with a small to mid-sized client base.
2200586421	Responsible for accurately processing debit and credit transactions in compliance with established policies and procedures, while maintaining an acceptable balancing record. Identifies and addresses clients needs by providing variety of services which may include opening new accounts, issuing counterchecks, performing address changes, issuing/activation ATM cards, performing money transfers, ordering checks, receiving loan payments, etc. Resolves clients problems either through direct personal action or referral to alternative branch or bank resources. Identifies and maximizes cross-sell banks opportunities through client profiling. Other duties as assigned. Teller I, N11 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and some cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Basic knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Teller II, N12 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 1+ yearcashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Working knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.Teller III, N13 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 2+ year cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience.
2200586422	Performs a variety of duties which will include one or more of the following: account reconciliation's, ATM balancing, audit processing, discrepancy resolutions, cash prediction and cash ordering, EFT customer disputes according to federal regulations, logging and reporting for audits, metrics management, adjustments for out-of-balance conditions and reporting. More advanced functions include: network settlement reconciliation, correspondent account reconciliation, exception item processing for issuers and acquirers, and some ATM profit analysis, fraud investigation and decisions, some technical phone support, or team lead functions. Prepares periodic reports for management regarding the utilization and performance of the ATM network. Other duties as assigned. Requires High School diploma or Some related experience, banking experience preferred. Use and/or application of related principles, theories, and concepts. Knowledge of branch banking systems, balancing principles and/or reconciliation and electronic funds transfer processes. Keyboarding, 10 key, PC, math, customer service skills required Good writing and verbal communication skills
2200586423	Develop, implement and monitor a compliance program designed to ensure that all areas of the department and/or company are complying with applicable laws, regulation and safety requirements. Performs periodic tests to insure that the program is operating effectively. Oversees the receipt and distribution of regulations and OCC correspondence throughout the company and assures that actions required by regulations are implemented by management. Assures that reports are compiled or completed as required by the appropriate company officers. May assist General counsel on matters involving litigation, which may affect the company's compliance with laws and regulations. Acts as coordinator in projects involving information disclosure, class actions, deregulation, etc. Other duties as assigned. Compliance Officer - Requires a Bachelor's degree and some directly related experience. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Basic knowledge of financial principals and regulatory issues related to the department and/or company.
2200586487	31664  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job closes on 29 Feb 08Six months cashiering experience; basic mathematical skills; and demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills required. Word processing and spreadsheet skills may be preferred for certain positions. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients.  Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.Collects money and returns change to customers.   Counts money collected during shift; balances it with tickets or items sold; and submits to supervisor for review.   Provides directions and answers general questions about parking permits and policies; merchandise; theater productions; etc.    Opens and closes facilities at beginning and end of shifts.   Cleans work area by sweeping floors; wiping off machines and counters.   May assist at special events.   May perform clerical tasks such as answering phones; responding to mail; or filing.MON 6:45am to 12:45pm; THUR 12:30pm oto 6:45 pm; FRI 6:45am to 12:45
2200586584	Full Time Salary Range: $25,988 - $43,082 Hiring Range: $25,988 - $32,000 FLSA Status: Nonexempt Position Summary: Under general supervision, this position provides clerical and administrative support to the student admissions process.Required Knowledge, Skills and Ability: High school diploma or equivalent education required. One to two years experience in a customer service position preferred.A general understanding of educational programs offered to perform clerical and administrative support to the student admissions process, as described above. Must have the ability to follow oral and written directions as they relate to the functions listed above.  Must have the ability to handle multiple tasks in a timely and effective manner. Must have sufficient oral, written and interpersonal communication skills to assist students with inquiries, schedule meetings and appointments, as well as, provide assistance with incoming telephone calls and walk-ins, as described above
2200586619	one of the largest engineering and construction firms in the world and is a leader in many diverse markets such as infrastructure, transportation, water, telecommunications, aviation, commercial, environmental, planning, industrial manufacturing, education, healthcare, life sciences and homeland security. Parsons is employee-owned and provides technical and management solutions to federal, regional and local government agencies as well as private industries worldwide. PROJECT OVERVIEW: The selected design engineer will work on a variety of large roadway and/or transit design projects throughout northern Utah. Project phases include alternatives analysis, preliminary design and final design packages. Project types are major freeways, local roadways and arterials, commuter rail, light rail and freight rail. POSITION OVERVIEW: Performs a variety of moderate to complex engineering tasks by applying standard engineering techniques and analyses within a discipline. The Engineer at this level has experience and an increasing proficiency in the utilization of engineering theories and practices, and Company procedures. Typical project assignments are larger in scope, more difficult and varied than at the Associate Engineer level. Most assignments involve CAE (computer aided engineering)/CAD (computer aided design) applications. Willingness to travel or work at supplier
2200586620	|Title: Sales Representative - Utah Req Number: PSS-59 Date Opened: Thu Dec 27 14:44:22 EST 2007 Location(s): Salt Lake City UT    Educating 100 million people worldwide, Employer is the global leader in integrated education publishing.  Equal Opportunity Employer EOE/M/F/V/D.   currently recruiting for a new sales representative to cover the Utah area territory.   sales representatives visit college campuses and sell our Humanities and Social Sciences textbooks and technology products based on the instructor's course requirements, scout for manuscripts from potential authors, relay market information to the Acquisitions Department and develop relationships with faculty members and bookstore personnel.We are looking for talented salespeople to engage our customers
2200586621	 * Answer incoming calls in a professional and pleasant manner* Performing general administrative support work such as running reports, copying, filing faxing etc.* Create executive presentations in PowerPoint* Maintain and order office supplies* Multi-task in a fast-paced environment* Show strong attention to detail and communicate effectively with internal and external customers* Demonstrate self-motivation and initiative * Demonstrate strong computer skills in Word, Excel, PowerPoint Qualifications Basic Job Qualifications* High school or GED Preferred Job Qualifications* Previous administrative experience* Previous experience using MicroSoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
2200586016	Placing parts in a specified relationship to each other using bolts, clips, screws, or otherwise fasten parts together by hand or using hand tools.  The hours on this shift will be from 5:30 pm to 11:30 pm. Willing to train reliable, hardworking individual.  Knowledge of the 5S process is helpful.
2200586024	Under the general direction of the Director, independently provides holistic, individualized care using the nursing process for patients routinely seen on the unit. Demonstrates clinical competency, nursing judgment, teaching skills, and a commitment to improving the quality of patient care. Independently performs general and unit specific clinical skills. Assessment of Patients: Systematically and continually assesses the health and status of the patient assuring the application of age specific standards. Care of the Patient: In collaboration with the patient/family, with regard to developmental, cultural and age specific differences, develops and implements patient care plans to include problems, goals, evaluations and interventions. Education of patient/family: Provides patient/family education with regard to assessing ability to learn, special learning needs, and evaluating effectiveness of teaching. Current licensure as a registered nurse in the state of Utah. Maintains current BLS certification. Education: BSN preferred. Special Qualifications: Successfully completes general nursing and unit orientation. Effective communication skills; both orally and written. Computer skills needed. Ability to work with others within a team to ensure quality patient care. Strong problem solving skills. Good customer service skills.
2200586025	Under the general direction of the Director, independently provides holistic, individualized care using the nursing process for patients routinely seen on the unit. Demonstrates clinical competency, nursing judgment, teaching skills, and a commitment to improving the quality of patient care. Independently performs general and unit specific clinical skills. Assessment of Patients: Systematically and continually assesses the health and status of the patient assuring the application of age specific standards. Care of the Patient: In collaboration with the patient/family, with regard to developmental, cultural and age specific differences, develops and implements patient care plans to include problems, goals, evaluations and interventions. Education of patient/family: Provides patient/family education with regard to assessing ability to learn, special learning needs, and evaluating effectiveness of teaching. Current licensure as a registered nurse in the state of Utah. Maintains current BLS certification. Education: BSN preferred. Special Qualifications: Successfully completes general nursing and unit orientation. Effective communication skills; both orally and written. Computer skills needed. Ability to work with others within a team to ensure quality patient care. Strong problem solving skills. Good customer service skills.
2200586232	PWDNET Receives all specimens and samples into the Lab, verifying arrival, proper transport and compliant physician orders. Orders correct tests, prepares samples for testing, centrifuging and aliquoting according to procedure and then routes samples to the appropriate area of the lab for testing or packaging to be sent on to a reference lab, working closely with and able to take direction from the medical technologists Requires High School Diploma or equivalent. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Requires basic computer skills.  Type 30 wpm.  A minimum of one year experience in laboratory  preferred.  Medical terminology very helpful.
2200586260	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards.  Will be required to travel and work at other Intermountain Healthcare hospitals within the Uraban South Region (Utah Valley Regional Medical Center, Orem Community Hospital and American Fork Hospital).    Ability to transfer and position patients independently and safely. Previous NBICU experience preferred.. NRP certification after hire. A Flexible schedule is necessary. Must provide proof of current RN license that allows you to practice in the State of Utah, or provide proof of license eligibility, at the time of application. Current CPR certification is required.
2200586261	PWDNET The Cancer Registrar I is responsible for timely and accurate abstracting, coding, and lifetime information follow-up according to strict protocol requirements of all pediatric, adolescent, and young adult cancer patients treated at Primary Children's Medical Center. Cancer Registrars develop, sustain, and report cancer registry data for research, quality control, facility planning and marketing, and state and national agencies.  This position will collaborate closely with both the Cancer Registry team of Utah Central Region as well as the Primary Children's Children's Oncology Group data management team and will cross train to assist the research associates.   High School level of knowledge of several subjects.  Previous health care experience preferred.  Proficiency and accuracy in data entry and in computer skills.  Must be able to type 50 wpm.  Medical Terminology is required.  Formal job training is provided by the Utah Cancer Registry.  To perform in this position satisfactorily requires: 1) The ability to work independently in a highly confidential position 2) Proficiency in anatomy, physiology, medical terminology, and ICD-O coding 3) Highly developed skills in verbal and written interpersonal communication and interaction 4) Certification as a Cancer Tumor Registrar (CTR) or the ability to acquire cerficiation within two years of hire. Full-time day position (Monday - Friday; 8:00am - 4:30pm)
2200586361	Conducts individual, family, or group therapy sessions in accordance with the established treatment plan and provides crisis intervention if necessary. ; ;Provides case management to include evaluating the needs of clients, developing and implementing treatment plans, and monitoring progress. ; ;Develops and implements treatment plans to help clients mobilize inner capacities and resources to improve social functioning. ; ;Prepare psychological or mental health assessments by obtaining background information such as physical, psychological or mental health, and social factors which contribute to the client's situation and by studying case histories of clients/residents. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Refers client/inmate/patient to other available services to meet needs where appropriate. ; ;Consults with physician or other health professionals as needed to ensure holistic approach and coordination of care and case management. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Facilitates the use of research data to improve existing programs and utilization of resources. ; ;Acts as an expert witness. Gives testimony and /or recommendations in court cases and/or hearings. ; ;Organizes and conducts surveys and/or studies. Step 50 ($ 19.53) to Step 65 ($ 29.33) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to court/hearing, rules, records, procedures and protocol; appli
2200586362	Performs physical assessments of patients and/or residents; refers patients requiring further evaluation or treatment to a registered nurse, nurse practitioner, physician or other health care professional. ; ;Performs appraisals and adheres to plans guidelines and/or standard practices. ; ;Administers and charts prescribed medications, observing and reporting any reactions. ; ;Orders and maintains inventory of drugs, chemicals, or other controlled substances and ensures their security. ; ;Monitors and observes patients; records and reports patient's/client's conditions, progress, behaviors, activity, etc. ; ;Provides in-services for direct care staff on methods of patient care; oversees direct care staff in administering prescribed treatments. ; ;Provides preventative education and care to patients. ; ;Maintains and updates patient charts, records, and information. Step 37 ($ 13.73) to Step 51 ($ 20.06) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to identify developmental needs of others and coach, mentor, or otherwise help others to improve their knowledge, skills and abilities; follow written and/or oral instructions; administer first aid and/or CPR; principles, theories, and practices of nursing; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; maintain inventory; track receipt, sending and
2200586363	Performs physical assessments of patients and/or residents; refers patients requiring further evaluation or treatment to a registered nurse, nurse practitioner, physician or other health care professional. ; ;Performs appraisals and adheres to plans guidelines and/or standard practices. ; ;Administers and charts prescribed medications, observing and reporting any reactions. ; ;Orders and maintains inventory of drugs, chemicals, or other controlled substances and ensures their security. ; ;Monitors and observes patients; records and reports patient's/client's conditions, progress, behaviors, activity, etc. ; ;Provides in-services for direct care staff on methods of patient care; oversees direct care staff in administering prescribed treatments. ; ;Provides preventative education and care to patients. ; ;Maintains and updates patient charts, records, and information. Step 36 ($ 13.36) to Step 51 ($ 20.06) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to identify developmental needs of others and coach, mentor, or otherwise help others to improve their knowledge, skills and abilities; administer first aid and/or CPR; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; follow written and/or oral instructions; maintain inventory; track receipt, sending and delivery of materials; assess physical, mental,
2200586481	31658 When you work as a Health Unit Coordinator with the  Hospital Emergency Room; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as an Health Unit Coordinator is for those who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a fast paced or friendly; interesting; environment. In this position; you will perform clerical functions for a patient care unit facilitating the flow of information between medical; hospital staff and departments to maximize unit efficiency. Provides administrative input regarding the internal operations of the department.   Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled earlier; this job will close on 1/31/08One year of clerical experience or equivalency; basic computer skills; successful completion of a medical terminology course provided by the hospital within the first year of employment; and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills required. An additional year of related experience is preferred.
2200586482	31659 When you work as a Study Coordinator with the  Alzheimer?s Center; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. In this position; you will be responsible for coordinating the daily operations of the assigned research team; coordinating the orderly and safe flow of the research project and maintaining adequate resources for the Principle Investigator to accomplish their research objectives.  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position may require successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.If not filled earlier; this job will close on January 10; 2008.Bachelor's degree in a related field; or equivalency required. IRB CITI Course in the Protection of Human Research Subjects certificate obtained within six months of hire and demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills are also required. Some departments may require IATA DGR training within six months. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.Review protocols for clarity and safety
2200586484	31661  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position may require successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. This job closes on January 12; 2008.One year full-time laboratory experience or equivalency required; knowledge of laboratory techniques; equipment and terminology as well as knowledge of chemical and physical properties of materials or substances and appropriate specimen handling techniques required. Demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills are also required.OSHA training and certification in animal care and use or the willingness to complete the certification may be required by some departments.Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.1. Collects; washes; autoclaves and distributes laboratory dishware according to laboratory       practices. 50%   2. Prepares media; reagents; solutions and other compounds for research experimentation.        40%   3. Autoclaves and disposes of potential biohazard waste. 4%   4. Follows prescribed procedures for maintaining laboratory equipment and facilities. 2%   5. Inventories; o
2200586485	31662 When you work as a Health Information Coder with the  Hospital; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a Health Information Coder is for those who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a fast paced and friendly environment. In this position; you will Abstracts demographic physician and patient information from patients? medical records and codes the diagnoses and procedures using ICD-9-CM/CPT codes.   Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled earlier; this job will close on 1/31/08Two years of coding experience using ICD-9-CM or equivalency; demonstrated knowledge of medical terminology; anatomy; and physiology; and a basic knowledge of medical procedures and disease states/processes required.  Computer literacy and demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills are also required. For some assignments additional coding experience using ICD-9-CM; a Certified Coding Specialist certificate or Registered Health
2200586486	31663 In this position; you will Responds to and resolves day-to-day issues with meal orders and delivery; prepares and delivers meals on the patient care unit or at espresso carts or delis The  is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled earlier; this job will close on 1/30/08One year of food service; customer service experience or equivalency required.  Current food service worker's permit; basic math and computer skills; and demonstrated communication and human relations skills also required. Imcumbents assigned to patient care units must take and successfully complete a hostpital provided nutrition exam within one months of hire. Knowledge of medical terminology is preferred. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.Serves as a liaison on the patient care unit to ensure that meal service; order; and delivery needs are met.  Responsible for responding to meal service related calls and pages from patients and Health Unit Coordinators.  Resolves the problem or refers
2200586580	This position is responsible for maintaining a safe, clean and well-organized lumber yard; loading and unloading of lumber and/or building supplies, building delivery loads, and operating a forklift. Must be able to lift 75 lbs. Other duties as assigned.Required Skills-Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions; short correspondence and memos; write simple correspondence; effectively present information to others one-on-one  Required Experience-High School diploma or general education degree (GED); Or 1 to 3 months related experience and/or training.-Ability to apply common sense understanding and carry out simple one or two-step instructions; deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables
2200586581	a global leader in the marketing field, has a part-time job opportunity in Salt Lake City, UT for a detail-oriented, self-starter who is interested in permanent employment as a Data Collection Associate. The ideal candidate must be courteous, dependable, and have a professional appearance. As a Data Collection Associate, you will travel locally to grocery, convenience and drug stores to collect observational merchandising and inventory information via a hand held computer. We prefer candidates who are computer literate and able to meet weekly deadlines. You must have reliable transportation with proof of auto insurance and a valid driver?s license. This part-time opportunity offers some schedule flexibility, with most work typically performed between the hours of 8:00 am and 5:00 pm Monday ? Friday (some weekend work may be required). If you are interested in joining a reputable company, we offer paid training, a competitive wage of $10.00, work 15-20 hours a week and a mileage reimbursement program.  We value diversity in the workplace, EOE m/f/d
2200586583	Primary Responsibility: Provides HR and Payroll support to a Regional Vice President and General Managers. Manages programs within functional area.Essential Functions: 1. Assist facility management with policies, procedures, programs, and technical questions. 2. Work with facilities to develop problem-resolution strategies. 3. Research legal, policy, or procedure-related issues. 4. Develop worksheets, booklets, and training materials to educate facility management. 5. Administer programs within functional area. 6. Work with vendors to resolve problems and improve program effectiveness. 7. Process invoices. 8. Complete internal reports. Analyze trends. 9. Complete legal reports and documents. 10. Document procedures. 11.  Complete special projects.12. Other duties as requested.Qualifications* 5-10 years Human Resources experience with experience providing HR support to multiple locations. College graduate; or equivalent combination of education and experience* Knowledge of employment laws* Broad knowledge in Human Resource areas including Benefits, Training, Workers Compensation, Recruitment, Minority Outreach, EEO and Affirmative Action.*
2200586606	 a leading professional services firm in natural and built environments for municipalities, government agencies, multinational companies and industrial concerns across the nation. With nearly 2,000 staff,  one of the nation's largest employee-owned firms providing planning, engineering, scientific, technical and management solutions. Whether you are an experienced professional or a recent graduate,  you can work with some of the best minds in the industry. As an employee-owner, you'll have a genuine stake in the success of our company and share in our commitment to exceptional customer service. This means that our employee-owners channel the additional energy of ownership into their work on behalf of our clients, consistently delivering high quality and responsive service that our clients have come to expect.Our clients select us because they know they can expect more from us.
2200586607	 a leading professional services firm in natural and built environments for municipalities, government agencies, multinational companies and industrial concerns across the nation. With nearly 2,000 staff,  is one of the nation's largest employee-owned firms providing planning, engineering, scientific, technical and management solutions. Whether you are an experienced professional or a recent graduate,  you can work with some of the best minds in the industry. As an employee-owner, you'll have a genuine stake in the success of our company and share in our commitment to exceptional customer service. This means that our employee-owners channel the additional energy of ownership into their work on behalf of our clients, consistently delivering high quality and responsive service that our clients have come to expect.Our clients select us because they know they can expect more from us.
2200586608	 a leading consulting firm offering project delivery services in natural and built environments for municipalities, government agencies, multinational companies and industrial concerns across the nation. With more than 2,000 staff,  one of the nation?s largest employee-owned firms providing engineering, technical and management solutions. This is a Senior Geotechnical Engineer position in our Salt Lake City, UT office that involves responsibilities such as managing simple to complex geotechnical engineering projects, mentoring of staff, and marketing new and existing clients. Requirements The candidate should have a minimum of 10 years progressive experience in project management of geotechnical projects.  Must value: Providing growth opportunities to every member of the team; partnering with clients as a trusted advisor; and acting as a good steward within our community.
2200586632	Inpatient Travel Pharmacist Job - Ogden, UT Job Search Options Apply to this Job! Tell a Friend!  Back to Search Results Start a New Search Current Search Criteria Keywords: Locations: ANY Category: ANY Job Code: 438169 Job Location: Ogden, UT Category: Staff Pharmacist Last Updated: 12/27/2007 Pharmacists, where do you want your job to lead you?  will take you there!!  offering travel assignments across the nation for hospital experienced pharmacists! Whether it is a remote community in Texas or the shores of California you are looking for, we can offer those opportunities. As the premier Pharmacy Staffing provider to organizations all across the country, we offer competitive pay and benefits such as 401(k), health, dental, vision and ESPP with a 30 hour work week. Immediate needs for Hospital Pharmacists Come travel with us!!
2200586633	Inpatient Travel Pharmacist Job-Provo - Provo, UT Job Search Options Apply to this Job! Tell a Friend! Back to Search Results Start a New Search Current Search Criteria Keywords: Locations: ANY Category: ANY Job Code: 438174 Job Location: Provo, UT Category: Staff Pharmacist Last Updated: 12/31/2007 Pharmacists, where do you want your job to lead you?  offering travel assignments across the nation for hospital experienced pharmacists! Whether it is a remote community in Texas or the shores of California you are looking for, we can offer those opportunities. As the premier Pharmacy Staffing provider to organizations all across the country, we offer competitive pay and benefits such as 401(k), health, dental, vision and ESPP with a 30 hour work week. Immediate needs for Hospital Pharmacists Come travel with us!!
2200586634	Inpatient Travel Pharmacist Job - Layton, UT Job Search Options Apply to this Job! Tell a Friend! Back to Search Results Start a New Search Current Search Criteria Keywords: Locations: ANY Category: ANY Job Code: 438168 Job Location: Layton, UT Category: Staff Pharmacist Last Updated: 12/31/2007 Pharmacists, where do you want your job to lead you?  will take you there!!  offering travel assignments across the nation for hospital experienced pharmacists! Whether it is a remote community in Texas or the shores of California you are looking for, we can offer those opportunities. As the premier Pharmacy Staffing provider to organizations all across the country, we offer competitive pay and benefits such as 401(k), health, dental, vision and ESPP with a 30 hour work week. Immediate needs for Hospital Pharmacists Come travel with us!!
2200586257	PWDNET Inpatient Rehab is seeking a Patient Care Asst who enjoys helping people overcome the disability of serious illness or injury, and helping them to return to independence in their own home. Our patients age group ranges from adolescent to geriatric and have diagnoses as varied as head injury, spinal cord injury, and stroke.  If you like developing caring relationships with your patients, this is the job for you! Must be a high school graduate or equivalent. Must have current Certified Nurse Assistant Certification (CNA) from the state of Utah and be capable of successfully completing the hospital PCA course within 30 days of hire. Candidates who have successfully completed at least one semester of an accredited Nursing program may also be considered.   Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are also required. This position requires that you are available to complete the PCA training course February 5, 7, 12 & 14 from  7:45 am to 12:30 pm.
2200586258	PWDNET The RN Clinical Documentation Specialist (CDS) is responsible for improving overall quality and completeness of clinical documentation.  Facilitates modifications to clinical documentation through extensive interaction with physicians, nursing staff, other patient caregivers, and medical records coding staff to ensure that appropriate reimbursement is received for the level of service rendered to all patients with a DRG based payer.  Ensures the accuracy and completeness of clinical information used for measuring and reporting physician and medical center outcomes.  Educates all members of the patient care team on an ongoing basis.     - Must be a licensed Registered Nurse in the State of Utah    - Bachelor of Nursing or a related field or currently enrolled in a current program required.    - 5 years recent clinical experience in a hospital setting required    - Critical care, ICU, or care management experience is preferred    - Requires excellent observation skills, analytical thinking, problem solving, plus good verbal and written communication    - Requires interpersonal skills of professionalism    - Must be a team player and able to communicate well with others including staff and physicians
2200586259	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible. Must have a current CPR certification.  Prior nursing experience or prior experience with Diabetes education is preferred.
2200586358	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Determines the resources needed to plan and implement IT applications. Discusses requirements with end users and provides software suggestions and recommendations to users to help them understand potential limitations and challenges. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. ; ;Monitors system performance to ensure proper operation and identify possible problem areas. ; ;Designs, implements, tests and maintains required software. Establishes and documents standards for use and operation of software. ; ;Reviews and adjusts edit checks to ensure database integrity. ; ;Selects computer related hardware, software, and operating systems according to the user's needs. ; ;Writes and/or uses computer programs to generate and analyze data. ; ;Meets with vendors on new and existing products, evaluates usefulness and cost of products and makes recommendations. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organi
2200586359	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Determines the resources needed to plan and implement IT applications. Discusses requirements with end users and provides software suggestions and recommendations to users to help them understand potential limitations and challenges. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. ; ;Monitors system performance to ensure proper operation and identify possible problem areas. ; ;Designs, implements, tests and maintains required software. Establishes and documents standards for use and operation of software. ; ;Reviews and adjusts edit checks to ensure database integrity. ; ;Writes and/or uses computer programs to generate and analyze data. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organizations, suppliers, etc. ; ;Provides assistance and/or on-the-job training. Step 57 ($ 23.61) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to conduct a methodical examination; computer hardware and system development; write computer pro
2200586360	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Evaluates software and hardware products for possible purchase. ; ;Determines the resources needed to plan and implement IT applications. Discusses requirements with end users and provides software suggestions and recommendations to users to help them understand potential limitations and challenges. ; ;Reviews and evaluates proposals to determine feasibility and compatibility. ; ;Designs relational databases that meet user needs. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. ; ;Prepares software documentation for future reference and maintenance needs. ; ;Monitors system performance to ensure proper operation and identify possible problem areas. ; ;Designs, implements, tests and maintains required software. Establishes and documents standards for use and operation of software. ; ;Installs parts, equipment, lines, hardware or software, etc.; troubleshoots and makes adjustments to optimize initial performance. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Adapts automated system(s) to accommodate speci
2200586479	31656  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.If not filled earlier; this job will close on January 31; 2008. Must be organized; computer proficient; and able to multi task and learn cardiology medical information. On-the-job training in IRB and clinical research regulations will be provided. 20 hours/week during semesters but will work around school schedule; 40 hours/week during the summer and semester breaks. Must be able to work for significant amount of time considering the large amount of training. The Department of Pediatrics; Division of Cardiology is hiring a motivated pre-medical student seeking research experience with current work study award or planning to apply for one.  The student; under supervision of Assistant Research Director will be responsible for: (1) Completion and submission of IRB documents. This will require some medical writing and communication with U of Utah IRB. (2) Identifying subjects for studies. Clinic chart reviews. Detailed recording and documentation of subject information; maintaining study files and databases; data entry and analysis.
2200586483	31660  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position may require successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job closes on January 12; 2008.Entry level position where on the job training is provided. Ability to understand and carry out verbal and written instructions and to keep accurate records is required. Demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills also required.General knowledge of laboratory procedures; equipment and terminology as well as the ability to operate and care for laboratory equipment along with the knowledge of appropriate specimen handling techniques preferred. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.1. Collects; washes; autoclaves and distributes laboratory dishware according to laboratory     practices. 52%2. Prepares media; reagents; solutions and other compounds for research experimentation.     42%3. Autoclaves and disposes of potential biohazard waste. 4%4. Follows prescribed procedures for maintaining laboratory equipment and facilities. 2%The incumbent follows well-established laboratory procedures
2200586579	The Inside Sales Associate goal is to provide excellent service to the retail customer. In this position you will:? Greet customers? Create load lists? Load customer in both the yard and store? Invoice customers? Answer phone and direct calls to the appropriate person In addition, the Inside Sales Associate will perform other functions as assigned by the Co-Manager or Manager to help in the daily operations of the store:? Unload incoming freight? Stock product? Maintain housekeeping in showroom, warehouse and yard Required Skills Ability to read and comprehend documents (i.e. policy and procedure manuals); write routine reports and correspondence; speak/present in front of a small group. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form; deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Required Experience-High School Diploma or General Education Degree (GED); 1-3 months related sales/customer service experience or building industry experience and/or training.
2200586582	Join the team that's transforming the way the world communicates. With operations in 130 countries, the first truly global communications solutions provider, offering the most complete end-to-end portfolio of solutions and services in the industry. Our passionate and experienced team converts challenges into opportunities in the areas of third-generation mobile networking, metro optical and packet, circuit-to-packet, broadband access, advanced network and professional services, and next-generation operations support systems.The Enterprise Business Group is a world leader in the delivery of communications solutions for businesses, including contact center software, small/medium business telephony and IP address management software, serving more than 250,000 customers worldwide. Currently, the Enterprise Solutions Architect Group has an opportunity for a Sr. Software Development Engineer to join our Enterprise Business team in the design and development of new data networking products Key Responsibilities Include:* Experience with the design, implementation and operational support of VxWorks and Linux based embedded software systems for IP based networking services including routing protocols and networking protocol stacks.
2200586605	As a Personal Banker you will acquire, retain and expand new and existing customer relationships by providing a positive new account experience, profiling, assessing customer needs, and recommending and selling appropriate banking products and services. Maximize the depth and profitability of the customer's relationship by partnering with Retail Lending, Small Business, Investments, and other product areas to ensure a world-class customer experience. Successful Personal Bankers have a strong knowledge of the sales processes including profiling, outbound telephone sales, consulting, networking, cold calling
2200586628	This is a non-sales position. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL POSSESS THE FOLLOWING ATTRIBUTES: Exceptional communication and organizational skills Excellent multi-tasking ability Professional appearance and presentation Pleasant and upbeat personality Team player attitude  POSITION DESCRIPTION: 1-2 years retail experience preferred Customer service oriented General office duties Light bookkeeping  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Previous customer service experience Previous cash handling experience Extensive standing Minimum high school diploma or some college experience preferred Computer skills
2200586699	Tellers introduce customers to new products and services, and generate leads for other members of the sales team to close. Every teller has her/his own scorecard with goals. Our best tellers constantly go the extra mile to greet customers, make them feel welcome and also engage customers to learn about their financial needs. An excellent teller processes between 20-25 customer transactions each hour with no mistakes through patience, attention to detail, and the ability to follow procedures. Every teller is responsible for maintaining and balancing a cash drawer. we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others without being asked and want team members who are committed to the success of the team. Tellers will develop and improve their skills through training programs and regular feedback discussions with supervisors, which will help further their professional experience and improve their chances for even greater roles in the future. A teller position is the start of something really big. With an organization the size of Bank, there is no limit to what a truly motivated person can become with a little dedication and time. Company believes in developing people! Minimum Qualifications: 18 years of age or older One year previous experience interacting with people or customers High comfort level using computers Demonstrated ability to achieve goals Positive attitude Reliable attendance Preferred Skills:
2200586391	Performs physical assessments of patients and/or residents; refers patients requiring further evaluation or treatment to a registered nurse, nurse practitioner, physician or other health care professional. ; ;Performs appraisals and adheres to plans guidelines and/or standard practices. ; ;Administers and charts prescribed medications, observing and reporting any reactions. ; ;Orders and maintains inventory of drugs, chemicals, or other controlled substances and ensures their security. ; ;Monitors and observes patients; records and reports patient's/client's conditions, progress, behaviors, activity, etc. ; ;Provides in-services for direct care staff on methods of patient care; oversees direct care staff in administering prescribed treatments. ; ;Provides preventative education and care to patients. ; ;Maintains and updates patient charts, records, and information. Step 36 ($ 13.36) to Step 51 ($ 20.06) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to identify developmental needs of others and coach, mentor, or otherwise help others to improve their knowledge, skills and abilities; administer first aid and/or CPR; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; interactions and adverse reactions of drugs, medications and their dosage; follow written and/or oral instructions; maintain inventory; track receipt, sending and delivery of materials; assess physical, mental,
2200586480	31657 Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. This job closes on January 8; 2008. One year clerical experience or equivalency; basic computer skills; and successful completion of a medical terminology course within the first year of employment. Demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills.The Department of Pediatrics is looking for an Outpatient Clinic Representative to join their team. The department offers great benefits and is a wonderful work environment. Duties include:Schedules patients in IDX for multiple Divisions in the Department of Pediatrics. Schedules multiple; complex appointments for various specialties and testing. Completes a full registration by obtaining current patient demographics and insurance information. Verifies that a current referral is on file from the referring physician. Obtains pre-authorizations from the appropriate insurance company as required. Confirms appointments for currently scheduled patients; and fills openings as required. Communicates with patients and families in a professional and courteous manner.
2200586603	EOE/AA EmployerJob Description  This position can be located in Denver, CO, Minneapolis, MN, Kansas City, Missouri, Seattle, Washington or Portland, OR Under minimal direction, designs conceptual solutions for customers based on customer needs and sales team direction and strategies  initial order of magnitude assessment. Ensures assessments contain a broad set of JCI capabilities as appropriate for the customers requirements. Manages the development of a compelling business case for the proposed scope of work. Leads and manages the development of larger, complex, or strategic
2200586604	 Tellers are making a difference for our customers every day with every interaction. Tellers are often the first and most frequent point of contact with customers. Through face-to-face interactions with customers, you will have the opportunity to provide top-notch customer service by handling financial transactions accurately and efficiently. Additionally, you will be contributing directly to the success of the firm by recognizing opportunities to make sales referrals to appropriate branch staff. As a Teller your day will be spent having professional, friendly and gratifying interactions with both customers and team members.If you're interested in working in an environment where leadership, excellence, integrity and diversity are among our core principles, then explore the opportunities  Qualifications* High school degree, GED or foreign equivalent required* Minimum 6 months cash-handling experience is required, unless post-high school degree program is completed or currently being pursued* Customer service, sales
2200586626	DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:* Provide excellent customer service in a professional manner* Establish and maintain new accounts* Execute trades for customers (walk-in and over the phone)* Ensure all phone conversations with customers are recorded* Provide stock quotes and news to customers* Accept customer checks and stock certificates* Follow up on pending ACATS transfers* Provide customer service for all aspects of account maintenance (account activity, pull history when necessary)* Assist internet customers when the internet is down and answer any technical questions    Work with margin accounts, give buying power,  Keep up with reorg items, margin delinquencies, work short option report* Follow up on leads from potential customers* Enable Internet customers to Internet access; educate customers as to the workings of the market* Other projects/duties as assigned.Required Skills* A current Series 7 and Series 63 license* 1 to 3 years customer service experience
2200586627	 Are you up for a challenge? Do you enjoy to travel? Are you interested in leading multiple Store teams? Do you aspire to obtain District and Region field leadership roles?If so, the Transition Stores Coach position is an exciting opportunity for you! In this position, you will have the opportunity to:? Lead multiple stores through transition from independently owned to company-owned and back to dealer owned? Recruit, select, onboard, develop and performance manage 20 ? 30 temporary associates in 2 ? 4 stores at any given time? Travel to various locations across the country, mainly in your assigned area; but up to nationwide based on Transition team needs? Become a key bench player to backfill District Sales Coach roles and to support the growth of the Dealer Stores organization
2200586629	THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL POSSESS THE FOLLOWING ATTRIBUTES: Exceptional communication and organizational skills Excellent multi-tasking ability Professional appearance and presentation Pleasant and upbeat personality Team player attitude  POSITION DESCRIPTION: 1-2 years retail experience preferred Customer service oriented General office duties Light bookkeeping MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Previous customer service experience Previous cash handling experience Extensive standing Minimum high school diploma or some college experience preferred Computer skills
2200586630	 looking for motivated individuals with professional demeanor, strong work ethic and positive attitude to join our non-commissioned, results driven Sales team. 1-2 years of high integrity sales experience helpful. Must thrive on exceeding customer expectations  be comfortable in a fast-paced retail setting. Though retail experience is preferable, it is not mandatory, having a passion for sales &amp; providing outstanding customer service is. Seeking candidates who are punctual, dependable, present themselves with polish  professionalism in appearance and behavior, and know how to smile and enjoy their work. We offer a great benefits package to include: Paid training in product knowledge and sales technique Paid Holidays (we are closed on all major holidays) Paid sick and vacation Some of the best hours in retail Health, Dental, and Vision Company match 401K Hours will include evenings and Saturday
2200586631	 a leader in the retail Jewelry industry, is looking for motivated individuals with professional demeanor, strong work ethic and positive attitude to join our non-commissioned, results driven Sales team. 1-2 years of high integrity sales experience helpful. Must thrive on exceeding customer expectations &amp; be comfortable in a fast-paced retail setting. Though retail experience is preferable, it is not mandatory, having a passion for sales  providing outstanding customer service is. Seeking candidates who are punctual, dependable, present themselves with polish  professionalism in appearance and behavior, and know how to smile and enjoy their work. We offer part time benefits to include: Paid training in product knowledge and sales Some of the best hours in retail Health Dental Company match 401K Hours will include evenings and Saturday
2200586389	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Determines the resources needed to plan and implement IT applications. Discusses requirements with end users and provides software suggestions and recommendations to users to help them understand potential limitations and challenges. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. ; ;Monitors system performance to ensure proper operation and identify possible problem areas. ; ;Designs, implements, tests and maintains required software. Establishes and documents standards for use and operation of software. ; ;Reviews and adjusts edit checks to ensure database integrity. ; ;Selects computer related hardware, software, and operating systems according to the user's needs. ; ;Writes and/or uses computer programs to generate and analyze data. ; ;Meets with vendors on new and existing products, evaluates usefulness and cost of products and makes recommendations. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organi
2200586390	Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Anticipates the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Evaluates software and hardware products for possible purchase. ; ;Determines the resources needed to plan and implement IT applications. Discusses requirements with end users and provides software suggestions and recommendations to users to help them understand potential limitations and challenges. ; ;Reviews and evaluates proposals to determine feasibility and compatibility. ; ;Designs relational databases that meet user needs. ; ;Selects testing methods to evaluate the success of both software upgrades and modifications. ; ;Prepares software documentation for future reference and maintenance needs. ; ;Monitors system performance to ensure proper operation and identify possible problem areas. ; ;Designs, implements, tests and maintains required software. Establishes and documents standards for use and operation of software. ; ;Installs parts, equipment, lines, hardware or software, etc.; troubleshoots and makes adjustments to optimize initial performance. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Adapts automated system(s) to accommodate speci
2200586418	Temporary Position - Sort and prepare files for scanning
2200586419	Responsible for accurately processing debit and credit transactions in compliance with established policies and procedures, while maintaining an acceptable balancing record. Identifies and addresses clients needs by providing variety of services which may include opening new accounts, issuing counterchecks, performing address changes, issuing/activation ATM cards, performing money transfers, ordering checks, receiving loan payments, etc. Resolves clients problems either through direct personal action or referral to alternative branch or bank resources. Identifies and maximizes cross-sell banks opportunities through client profiling. Other duties as assigned. Teller I, N11 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and some cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Basic knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Limited use and/or application of basic principles, theories, and concepts. Teller II, N12 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 1+ yearcashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience. Working knowledge of math, cashiering, balancing, debits, credits, bank products,banking and/or customer service skills. Full use and application of standard principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.Teller III, N13 - Requires a High School Diploma or equivalent and 2+ year cashiering, customer service, balancing or other related experience.
2200586475	31652 When you work as an Outpatient Clinic Representative with the Hospital; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as an Outpatient Clinic Representative is for those who have at least 1 year of customer service experience;who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a fast paced and friendly environment.In this position; you will perform clerical functions for an outpatient care unit facilitating and ensuring the accuracy of the information flow between medical; hospital staff and departments to maximize unit efficiency.  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job will remain open until  filled.One year of clerical experience or equivalency; basic computer skills; and successful completion of a medical terminology course provided by the hospital within the first year of employment required. Demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills are also required. Some areas of assignment may require IDX and Allegra
2200586477	31654 When you work as a Manager with the  Hospital; CT/Radiology Department; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a Manager is for those who Bachelor's degree in a related area of assignment or equivalency and four years of progressively more responsible management experience; Who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a fast paced environment. In this position; you will under minimal supervision; responsible for planning; organizing; directing and controlling all aspects of the assigned departments internal and external customer service; human resource and financial management operations.  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.Unless filled earlier; this job will close on 1/30/08Requires a Bachelor's degree in a related area of assignment or equivalency and four years of progressively more responsible management experience. Background knowledge of assigned department's area of specialization in order to analyze; plan and draw conclusions
2200586478	31655  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check. Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. If not filled earlier; this job is scheduled to close on January 7; 2007. High school diploma or equivalency required. One-year full-time customer service experience; demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills also required. This position provides administrative support to faculty and staff of the Department of Pediatrics; Critical Care Division/Intermountain Injury Control Research Center located at the University Research Park. Performs a wide variety of administrative functions and general office support including: greets visitors in person and by telephone; answers general questions about the organization and associated activities; processes and distributes mail; prepares and sends FedEx packages; creates and maintains files. Will schedule and assist with office meetings and conferences; including booking conference rooms and setting up/putting away IT equipment. May require ordering and picking up lunch and/or refreshments for meetings; meeting set up and clean up. Prepares materials and binders
2200586618	Responsible to develop and deliver  Advanced Technical Training with a focus on ZENworks. Engineer will work with ATT Team to ensure quality training and customer satisfaction for all ATT Training Services offerings.Duties and Responsibilities: - Deliver ATT training courses on solutions and products that have been developed for the practice the candidate is assigned to. Develop and maintain expert presentation skills. Develop labs and presentation notes for ATT courses. Create server images using imaging technology and deliver training on various imaged platforms using VMware technology. Interface closely with appropriate program managers and take direct responsibility for all aspects of program to determine if goals and objectives are being reached. - Maintain up-to-date technical knowledge of  current and future products and programs. Attend regular  product training, reading and researching literature, attending classes and researching industry related product information. - Support the development of course schedules and descriptions for publication on web for class availability and content. Ensure course description and objectives are clearly defined.
2200586694	As a Personal Banker, you will devote much of your day to building long term relationships with our customers ? in person and by phone. You will deepen the understanding of our customers? financial needs and provide suggestions. While most of the job is performed in the stores, Bankers reach out into the community by placing outbound phone calls to existing clients, visiting businesses, conducting educational seminars, and being active in the community.Our Expectation of our Personal Bankers:Personal Bankers are expected to exceed challenging sales and referral goals by proactively selling products and services to customers and referring customers to other areas of the bank. Every banker has their own scorecard with daily sales and referral goals. You will be rewarded for your success with bonus incentives beyond base salary. Our best Bankers constantly go the extra mile, finding ways to be helpful while still working quickly and efficiently. Bankers have the ability to resolve difficult customer situations effectively while delivering friendly customer service and ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction.we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others enhance their ability to educate our customers. We?ll provide outstanding training, but it?s up to you to learn our products and services. Personal Bankers will develop and improve their skills through regular feedback discussions with supervisors and learn skills which will help furt
2200586695	Tellers introduce customers to new products and services, and generate leads for other members of the sales team to close. Every teller has her/his own scorecard with goals. Our best tellers constantly go the extra mile to greet customers, make them feel welcome and also engage customers to learn about their financial needs. An excellent teller processes between 20-25 customer transactions each hour with no mistakes through patience, attention to detail, and the ability to follow procedures. Every teller is responsible for maintaining and balancing a cash drawer. we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others without being asked and want team members who are committed to the success of the team. Tellers will develop and improve their skills through training programs and regular feedback discussions with supervisors, which will help further their professional experience and improve their chances for even greater roles in the future. A teller position is the start of something really big. With an organization the size of Bank, there is no limit to what a truly motivated person can become with a little dedication and time. Company believes in developing people! Minimum Qualifications: 18 years of age or older One year previous experience interacting with people or customers High comfort level using computers Demonstrated ability to achieve goals Positive attitude Reliable attendance Preferred Skills: 18 years of age or older One year previous
2200586696	Under direct supervision, processes customer transactions within established guidelines.  Identifies and makes sales referrals, recommends alternate channels, cross-sells bank services and products for  partners, provides excellent customer service. Duties may include safe deposit, merchant/vault, ATM processing, bonds and coupons, foreign currency and night drop.
2200586697	As a Personal Banker, you will devote much of your day to building long term relationships with our customers ? in person and by phone. You will deepen the understanding of our customers? financial needs and provide suggestions. While most of the job is performed in the stores, Bankers reach out into the community by placing outbound phone calls to existing clients, visiting businesses, conducting educational seminars, and being active in the community.Our Expectation of our Personal Bankers:Personal Bankers are expected to exceed challenging sales and referral goals by proactively selling products and services to customers and referring customers to other areas of the bank. Every banker has their own scorecard with daily sales and referral goals. You will be rewarded for your success with bonus incentives beyond base salary. Our best Bankers constantly go the extra mile, finding ways to be helpful while still working quickly and efficiently. Bankers have the ability to resolve difficult customer situations effectively while delivering friendly customer service and ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others enhance their ability to educate our customers. We?ll provide outstanding training, but it?s up to you to learn our products and services. Personal Bankers will develop and improve their skills through regular feedback discussions with supervisors and learn skills which will help fur
2200586698	As a Personal Banker, you will devote much of your day to building long term relationships with our customers ? in person and by phone. You will deepen the understanding of our customers? financial needs and provide suggestions. While most of the job is performed in the stores, Bankers reach out into the community by placing outbound phone calls to existing clients, visiting businesses, conducting educational seminars, and being active in the community. Our Expectation of our Personal Bankers:Personal Bankers are expected to exceed challenging sales and referral goals by proactively selling products and services to customers and referring customers to other areas of the bank. Every banker has their own scorecard with daily sales and referral goals. You will be rewarded for your success with bonus incentives beyond base salary. Our best Bankers constantly go the extra mile, finding ways to be helpful while still working quickly and efficiently. Bankers have the ability to resolve difficult customer situations effectively while delivering friendly customer service and ensuring the highest level of customer satisfaction. At company, we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others enhance their ability to educate our customers. We?ll provide outstanding training, but it?s up to you to learn our products and services. Personal Bankers will develop and improve their skills through regular feedback discussions with supervisors and learn skills whic
2200586472	31649 When you work as a Cardiology Division Administrator with the School Of Medicine; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a Cardiology Division Administrator is for those who have been trained in and have experience as an Administrator.  Incumbent will be expected to have an understanding of the industry and practice within a larger context in order to make sound decisions and operate with respect to complex issues and business requirements.  Must be able to apply critical thinking to assess feasibility of decisions.  In this position; you will be responsible for the administrative; financial and clinical management of the Division of Pediatric Cardiology.  In collaboration with the Division Chief and Department of Pediatrics Administration; provides strategic support and leadership in planning; developing and implementing new programs to advance the mission of the Division; and ensures ongoing quality of service in existing clinical and research programs  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214
2200586476	31653 When you work as an Academic Advisor with the  University College; you have the opportunity to work side by side with others; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as an Academic Advisor is for those who have a Bachelor's degree in a related area or equivalency.  Previous experience in an advising; counseling or teaching environment is preferred.  In this position; you will advise a diverse population of students in regards to their academic planning and progress by utilizing professional advising and guidance skills.  You will interpret and explain university academic policy and procedure to assist students in making decisions concerning personal educational goals leading to graduation and admission to specified graduate programs.  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum. Unless filled; this position closes February 29; 2008 Bachelor's degree in Education; Counseling; Social Work; or related area; or equivalency required.  Demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills required.Meets with students who are interested in pursuing specified preprofessional courses of study; in order to provide information and guidance
2200586602	 We have opportunities for career growth through our diverse businesses, which manufacture many well-recognized brands including Schlage, Bobcat, Club Car, Thermo King, Hussmann,  In every line of business-from climate control to security- enables companies and their customers to inspire progress. Providing temperature-controlled environments for food and other perishables are essential in today?s global market. Through our Climate Control Technologies sector and Thermo King and Hussmann brands, we provide global solutions for the transportation and retail refrigeration market. We have an excellent opportunity for a result oriented Lead Service Technician at our Salt Lake City, Utah location.In this position you will:? Assist Service Technicians perform prescribed, routine maintenance procedures on supermarket refrigeration systems and self-contained temperature controlled merchandisers
2200586690	Provides prompt quality customer service along with support to Bankers and store management. Performs wide range of services including document preparation, account servicing/maintenance (account reconciliation, address change, stop payments, account closings, transfers, notary, processing check orders), and problem resolution. Solicits new accounts and cross-sells products and services. May follow-up on Teller referrals and may have teller responsibilities. May spend up to 40% of time on sales and up to 40% time on cash transactions.Minimum Qualifications: Qualified candidates will a minimum 1-year Teller experience along with proven retail sales and customer service skills. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586691	 Under direct supervision, processes customer transactions within established guidelines. Identifies and makes sales referrals, recommends alternate channels, cross-sells bank services and products for employers partners, provides excellent customer service. Duties may include safe deposit, merchant/vault, ATM processing, bonds and coupons, foreign currency and night drop. Minimum Qualifications: 18 years of age or older One year previous experience interacting with people or customers High comfort level using computers Demonstrated ability to achieve goals Positive attitude Reliable attendance Preferred Skills: Previous experience selling products and services Previous experience meeting customer satisfaction goals Previous experience working in a fast paced environment Previous cash handling experience Ability to work a schedule that includes working some holidays and weekends Ability to stand for extended periods of time Professional written and oral communication skills Multi-lingual speakers are encouraged to apply   AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AM/FA/D/
2200586692	 Manages the teller services function to ensure prompt and efficient transaction processing and the generation of sales through quality referrals. This job is a working manager where greater than 50% of their primary duties are spent in non-management responsibilities. These duties will include as necessary teller and lead teller functions. Establishes sales referral and service goals. Creates, trains and coaches a successful service and referral team. Responsible for effective staff salary administration and rewards. Is responsible for scheduling staff efficiently to maximize resources and achieve service and sales goals. Ensure compliance with audit and operational regulations and guidelinesMinimum Qualifications: Qualified candidates will possess a minimum of 18 months Teller experience along with proven sales coaching and leadership experience.  The ability to work a flexible schedule as needed.AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586473	31650 When you work as a Medical Assistant with the  Hospital; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a Medical Assistant is for those who have completed a certified Medical Assistant course; who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a clinical environment.In this position; you will provide assistive care to patients; facilitate the efficient delivery of patient care; support the professional role of the licensed staff; and provide support and assistance as directed by licensed staff in rendering basic healthcare to the patient. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job will remain open until filled.  Completion of a certified Medical Assistant program or equivalency required.Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire; demonstrated phlebotomy skills and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills also required.    Demonstrated proficiency in the specific clinic's
2200586474	31651 When you work as a Medical Assistant with the Hospital; you have the opportunity to work side by side with other world-class professionals; develop your skills; and grow your career. Working as a Medical Assistant is for those who have completed a certified Medical Assistant course; who enjoy working with people; and who want to be a part of an exceptional team in a clinical environment.In this position; you will provide assistive care to patients; facilitate the efficient delivery of patient care; support the professional role of the licensed staff; and provide support and assistance as directed by licensed staff in rendering basic healthcare to the patient. Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.This job will remain open until filled.  Completion of a certified Medical Assistant program or equivalency required.Basic Life Support Health Care Provider card or obtain one within one month of hire; demonstrated phlebotomy skills and demonstrated human relation and effective communication skills also required.    Demonstrated proficiency in the specific clinic's
2200586598	The ideal candidate will have excellent telephone skills and extensive knowledge of company products to provide customers with information and promote product sales via the telephone. Will respond to non-routine calls that require deviation from standard procedures. Will resolve customer issues and problems while maintaining positive relations with a focus on service excellence and provide support, ideas and information to assist with product development and marketing.Must have strong human relations skills, including written and verbal communications and group presentation skills. Skill in sales and negotiating are a plus! Financial Services background is helpful. Must be able to organize activities and handle multiple projects simultaneously with effective and timely follow-up on each. Travel is required for this position. An Associates degree in Business Management or equivalent with 2-3 years of client services experience desirable., Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace
2200586599	* Determines specialized product needs and services by working directly with customers* Promotes installation sales through direct interaction with dealership* Reviews each job for proper size, colors, placement of product, etc. prior to scheduling job for installation* Suggests add-on sales to increase average transactions* Provides price estimates for designated installations prior to scheduling appointments* Provides cradle to grave customer service* Keeps customers apprised of work progress* Schedules installation appointments with designated staff* Keeps prepayment logs* Schedules and confirms appointments* Monitors daily parts traffic and receives parts of installations* Performs duties at company established performance levels* Inspects vehicle to ensure proper parts are ordered* Monitors operation of newly installed equipment* Maintains a safe work area for customers and coworkers* Performs other miscellaneous duties as assigned* May cross train to perform other duties* Assists in managing returns to vendors and all VCB processes This is a summary of the position and is not intended to be a complete job description. Please refer to the job description for specifics related to job responsibilities, job requirements, job qualification and physical requirements for the position.
2200586600	 We build careers by encouraging creativity and providing opportunities for development. Objective: Work with the Environmental Manager to coordinate and implement Environmental Management Systems and assist in other related environmental matters; such as, but not limited to: permitting, compliance, and inspections. In conjunction with working with the Environmental Manager, work with a Project Manager to assist in building local construction projects to get a better sense of our core business. Essential Functions:* Be a champion of Core Values and Code of Conduct.* Ensure compliance with environmental permits necessary for company operations.* Develop plans necessary for operations of all facilities which include but are not limited to:Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP) Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasures (SPCC) Plans* Coordinate with plant and project personnel to ensure compliance with permits and plans.* Assist in training programs for branch personnel who are responsible for permit compliance.*
2200586601	we are looking for Production Coordinator who will be our site SAP expert. If you have a strong shipping and/or administrative background and SAP experience, you can develop can your own exempt level position. In this new position, you will work with venders and manage the manufacturing flow through the plant. You will also be part of our management team and work with other groups within the plant. Position Responsibilities* Acts as SAP expert for the site.* Creates and processes all work orders in SAP, including tracking and expediting when necessary.* Maintains inventory records and prepares inventory reports as required.* Allocates incoming P.O.s to inventory or production schedule; communicates production schedules to Leads.* Maintains vendor and customer files, issues order acknowledgements.* Responsible for material flow through the manufacturing processes, identifying bottleneck areas and recommending solutions.* Monitors open order report and insures production flow will meet ship dates.* Schedules shipment with production; arranges transportation of product; prepares shipping paperwork, and maintains customer shipping
2200586624	The Clinical Development Services division has more depth of therapeutic expertise and a broader range of services than any other service provider. We conduct both US and Global trials in all therapeutic areas. In fact, conducts more clinical trials than anyone else in the world. Become involved in work that improves the quality of life for people around the globe. Let your career soar! We are seeking an enthusiastic CRA to join the team in our Western region.The clinical research associate monitors activities at clinical study sites to assure adherence to Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), SOPs, and study protocols. Review regulatory Responsible for multiple projects and must work both independently and in a team environment. May participate in the study development and start-up process including reviewing protocols, designing and/or reviewing CRFs, preparing Informed Consent forms, developing study May participate in clinical training programs and maintain awareness of developments in the field of clinical research as needed.Position will be filled at a CRA or a Sr CRA level depending on experience and may include customer-managed clients.Qualifications- Prefer BS/BA.- 1 year monitoring experience or combination of on-site monitoring and clinical research coordinator experience.- Customer service orientation.- Sound knowledge of medical terminology
2200586641	Ingenix unites the brightest minds to transform organizations and improve health care through information and technology.We serve a diverse customer base within the health care community, including health care payers, providers, employers, pharmaceutical companies, consumers, workers compensation and auto liability insurers, and government agencies. If you're interested in joining an expanding team in a role that offers plenty of potential for future advancement, apply today to join our Salt Lake City office as a Sales Analyst. In this highly-visible position, you would handle an interesting variety of duties, including:* Preparing daily and monthly reports for the Coding and Referential High Transaction/Low Dollars Sales team* Participating in the testing process to ensure that changes made to the system work properly* Performing ad-hoc analysis* Building new reports as neededQualificationsRequired qualifications include:* Data analysis experience* Experience generating reports* MS Excel proficiency* Proven ability to read and write SQL queries Preferred qualifications include:* A finance or sales reporting background* Commissions experience* Technical background* Experience with Cubes* College degree offers a full range of comprehensive benefits to full-time and part-time employees, inc
2200586642	 The Receptionist primary responsibilities include answering all telephones, ascertain caller needs, referring or transferring calls and takes messages. The Receptionist greets visitors and directs them to the appropriate associate and arranges teleconferences and bridge lines for meetings. Provides general clerical support for branch as directed by Branch Management, as well as providing backup and coverage for operations functions as directed. May cover for absent staff and perform additional functions. Processes new account information and documentation by ensuring the required forms are requested and forwarded to the Home Office when obtained. In addition, may also type correspondence utilizing Word and Excel from rough drafts and is responsible for training new receptionists. REQUIREMENTS: Must be proficient in Word and Excel. Greets visitors and directs them to appropriate area. Provide general clerical support. Limited to complex situations or very large branches. All other duties as assigned. Monday - Friday 30 hours per week.
2200586688	Tellers introduce customers to new products and services, and generate leads for other members of the sales team to close. Every teller has her/his own scorecard with goals. Our best tellers constantly go the extra mile to greet customers, make them feel welcome and also engage customers to learn about their financial needs. An excellent teller processes between 20-25 customer transactions each hour with no mistakes through patience, attention to detail, and the ability to follow procedures. Every teller is responsible for maintaining and balancing a cash drawer. we have an outstanding diverse team. We want people who pitch in and help others without being asked and want team members who are committed to the success of the team. Tellers will develop and improve their skills through training programs and regular feedback discussions with supervisors, which will help further their professional experience and improve their chances for even greater roles in the future. A teller position is the start of something really big. With an organization the size of company, there is no limit to what a truly motivated person can become with a little dedication and time. Minimum Qualifications: 18 years of age or older One year previous experience interacting with people or customers High comfort level using computers Demonstrated ability to achieve goals Positive attitude Reliable attendance AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586689	Will be responsible for responding to questions, issues or complaints regarding our Corporate Card credit card customers.  Duties include answering inbound calls from Company Administrators, Bankers or the employee; process incoming maintenance requests; perform extensive research to resolve the complex customer problems; provide guidance and assistance to more inexperienced bankers either on the spot and/or via telephone; provide training on policies and procedures, new or enhanced services and/or procedural changes. Responsible for maintaining a high level of quality and efficiency individually as well as meeting overall group customer service inbound call center and maintenance goals. Departmental hours 7:00 am-7:00 pm Monday thru Friday. Applicant must be available to work shift 10:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. after training, but be available to work a shift within these department hours as needed. Hours could change based on business need. Minimum Qualifications: Ideal candidate must possess the following qualifications:- Applicant must have 2 years of telephone customer service experience in a call center environment.-Excellent customer service skills-Proficient PC and typing skills- Ability to maintain professional etiquette under pressure.-Strong verbal and written communication skills-Ability to work individually and within a team-Focused on providing quality work-Organized and detail-oriented  AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586693	Provides prompt quality customer service along with support to Bankers and store management. Performs wide range of services including document preparation, account servicing/maintenance (account reconciliation, address change, stop payments, account closings, transfers, notary, processing check orders), and problem resolution. Solicits new accounts and cross-sells products and services. May follow-up on Teller referrals and may have teller responsibilities. May spend up to 40% of time on sales and up to 40% time on cash transactions.Minimum Qualifications: Qualified candidates will have a minimum 18 months Teller experience along with proven retail sales and customer service skills.Depending upon Candidate qualifications, this may be a Personal Banker position. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586595	Researches and responds to inquiries and requests received through CAL, e-mail and/or phone from Customer Care Center Representatives regarding orders in process. Researches and resolves questions from manufacturing employees regarding Customer Care Center information on orders in process. Works with Customer Care Center Representatives to update orders and customer information and return to the production process in a timely manner. Investigates and resolves orders appearing on the Unshipped Report. Provides regular feedback to Team Managers and Production Employees regarding common issues with orders and potential solutions. Ensures correct customer billing by updating internal systems to reflect accurate tracking and shipping information in response to voided labels. Performs other tasks as needed, including cross-training in production and related jobs. Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules and regulations. Maintains order security and customer confidence by confidentially handling customer orders and information. Required Education: High School diploma or GED required. Experience: 6 mos. - 1 year prior experience in a customer service environment. Prior experience in a manufacturing environment helpful.
2200586596	Position?s primary responsibilities are to work with local businesses/corporations to conduct meetings/events with employees, generate leads and follow-up with prospective students in the enrollment process to start  .Essential Duties and Responsibilities 1. Secures prospective student leads by effectively promoting educational products to employees of local businesses/corporations.2. Conducts research on local businesses/companies to assess their educational needs
2200586625	The overall responsibility of the Professional Sales Representative is to maximize sales and growth of market share in promoted products through prioritized sales presentations to targeted health professionals. The territory headquarter city is Northern Utah/Southern Idaho.Minimal education required for this job Bachelors Degree -- Any Skills The Sales position requires a demonstrated track record of sales success and accomplishment in prior positions. Candidates also require demonstrated proficiency in the following areas: Thinking skills, administrative skills, leadership, interpersonal skills, communication skills, self-motivation. 18 + months of outside business-to-business selling experience required - preferably in pharmaceuticals or healthcare. A 4-year Bachelors Degree required, Life Sciences preferred. equal opportunity employer. M/F/D/VEmployment
2200586639	Embrace this opportunity to be a part of something revolutionary. A $250 Sign-on Bonus is awarded for Retail New Hires who are continuously employed in the position for six months! Job Title: Retail Communications Consultant Tier: Skilled Non-Exempt - Performs variety of routine and no-routine duties that involve related steps, methods or application of standard practice and specific instruction with occasional variations.We are looking for outgoing, friendly Retail Communication Consultants to meet or exceed service and sales objectives by providing world-class service to store patrons, selling products and services to current consumers, and actively soliciting new customers through inside sales, outside events, and outbound marketing efforts. Use your proven customer service ability, excellent communication skills, and strong computer knowledge to guide new customers
2200586640	The Director of Government Relations is responsible for planning, implementing and coordinating a comprehensive government relations program for the Utah Chapter. The goal of this program is to assure adequate public funding and implement key public policy advances so as to achieve meaningful conservation at key sites statewide. Day-to-day activities include working with the legislature, local government, rural stakeholders, NGOs and state, federal and local agencies to achieve specific conservation objectives. This individual is responsible for securing public resources to support the mission of the Conservancy, lobbying for public policy gains and working with government agency professionals. The Director of Government Relations works with all levels including the staff, the Board of Trustees, and the general public. The Utah State Director, who oversees government relations, supervises this position.DUTIES:? Help to develop government relations goals and strategies for the Utah Chapter to address local, regional and global biodiversity conservation need
2200586643	 The Project Manager must have the appropriate combination of education, experience, expertise, and competency to perform successfully according to the project?s/contract?s level of financial risk and complexity. A?Financial risk? generally reflects the potential for variance in expected profitability. A?Complexity? generally reflects elements such as project description (length, total contract value), previous Company experience or precedents, availability of proven technology, physical location, working conditions, safety, labor / subcontracting / JV requirements, strategic considerations, efficiency guarantees, liquidated damages, design inclusion and complexity, environmental considerations, general liabilities, etc. All projects will be assessed for financial risk and complexity, ranging from low to high.&amp; This individual works closely with management, supervisory and hourly personnel at all levels and departments of our organization
2200586597	Provides highly visible customer support through the performance of on-site installation, as well as overseeing any necessary diagnoses, troubleshooting, service, and repair of complex equipment and systems. Primary responsibilities include:? Installs, tests and repairs electromechanical equipment such as ion chromatographs, high performance liquid chromatographs, accelerated solvent extractors and software.? The full-time job of completing tasks to make our customers successful.? Provides services for all  products.? Checks out and approves operational quality of system equipment.? Instructs and trains customers in the operation and maintenance of  systems.? Performs maintenance on the systems to have effective performance, and emergency services to assure maximum uptime. Serves as company liaison with customer on administrative and technical matters for assigned projects.? Interprets customers? needs and clarifies if the responsibility for problem resolution falls to sales personnel, customer support reps, or engineers.The requirements for the Field Service Representative are as follows:? Bachelor?s degree in Chemistry, Bio-Chemistry, or associated technical degree.? 5 years or more experience in field service support/customer service or related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.? Ability to work in the field
2200586687	Performs a variety of operational tasks for a moderately complex to complex process or functions. Takes accountability for entire process from receipt of work to resolution and closure. Tasks require coordination of information among various operational areas and customers. Uses multiple online systems. Duties may include: receiving and reviewing incoming work, contacting appropriate resources as needed; entering transactions into CRT/PC, verifying accuracy; balancing general ledger accounts; resolving complex customer issues using multiple resources and records; preparing, editing, distributing, and/or correcting specialized and/or complex documents. Works under general supervision following established procedures.  Exercises some judgment within guidelines. Acts as escalation point for less senior processors for complex issues or transactions, providing training as needed. Minimum Qualifications: 1 Year Customer Service ability to work with diverse computer application  AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/D/
2200586615	one of the largest employers of clinicians in the nation; we make our employees a top priority. As an employee,  will provide you with the same level of care and dedication that you provide your patients. We know that you are entitled to great benefits, flexible scheduling options and rewarding assignments in some of the best medical environments. Our Healthcare Recruiters will work hard to accommodate your career preferences. As a member of our dynamic healthcare team you will choose from prestigious assignments in top medical facilities and home-based settings. Our supportive staff will match your skills, experience and schedule to find you the best long-term, short-term or travel assignments.  Recruiters will be available around-the-clock to provide the assistance that you need to get your job done. Whether you prefer day, evening or night shifts,  has the solution for you. employees are our greatest asset. We offer the following benefits:-Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance-401k Program-Competitive Pay-Flexible Scheduling-Direct Deposit-Free Continuing Education (CE) Program-Positive Work Environment and Friendly Staff Bonuses-Travel Benefits (as applicable)-24 hour on- call service
2200586347	Manages office support functions; determines priorities; designs, implements and modifies office standards and procedures to improve workflow, simplify reporting procedures, etc. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Records and/or transcribes minutes of meetings, hearings, dictation, dialogue, etc., and produces document in draft or final format. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Retrieves data found in databases to generate requested reports. ; ;Acts as a resource to provide information or determine the most effective way of meeting the needs of management, staff, clients or customers. ; ;Organize meetings, conferences, or workshops: arranges facility and equipment reservations, speakers, meals, travel, etc. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organizations, suppliers, etc. ; ;Provides assistance and/or on-the-job training. Step 33 ($ 12.31) to Step 53 ($ 21.18) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, practices and procedures of an office environment; use computer word processing software; use automated software applications; operate a typewriter or a computer keyboard; operate office equipment; establish, organize and/or maintain files; use computer relational database software; review and/or edit
2200586348	Develops and participates in partnerships for archaeological site interpretation and education. ; ;Designs, develops, and conducts a variety of research projects; determines appropriate methodologies, information sources, sampling strategies, and data-collection tools, etc. ; ;Plans and manages projects and/or programs. Writes (or discusses) project/program plan(s), recommendation(s) and/or finding(s). ; ;Ensures compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines, etc. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Conducts field investigations and/or research. Step 45 ($ 17.04) to Step 60 ($ 25.61) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to use scientific instruments and equipment; archeological/geological mapping and/or surveying; past historical events and their causes, indicators, and impact on particular civilizations and cultures; develop approaches for implementation of an idea, program or change in operations; correctly follow a given rule or set of rules in order to arrange things or actions in a certain order; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; ensure compliance with contract terms, policies and procedures, etc.; research methods, techniques, and/or sources of information; compose and produce reports, documents and related material; communicate information and idea
2200586244	PWDNET This position is responsible for providing the clinical analysis and review of outpatient accounts for both under and over charges. This will include reviewing all documentation to ensure all charges are captured for services provided in every area of the hospital. LPN or other high-level, professional clinical technician (OR tech, RAD tech, Cath Lab) requiring at least an Associates Degree as well as some on the job experience.  Excellent computer skills with strong attention to detail required. Strong organizational skills and the ability to communicate effectively (both oral and written) with all staff levels also required.  Knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel required, knowledge of Microsoft Access preferred.  Previous auditing experience preferred.
2200586245	PWDNET Under the direction and delegation of the Registered Nurse (RN), the Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) provides quality Patient Focused Care through completion and documentation of assessment, care planning, intervention, evaluation, and patient teaching according to his/her skill, knowledge and licensure. Current Utah license to practice as an LPN. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Excellent communications and interpersonal relationship skills. Completion of a IV certification program which has been approved by the State of Utah if providing IV therapy is a unit requirement. CPR current for all age groups.
2200586246	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse that allows you to practice in the state of Utah, or be license eligible. Basic Life Support. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.  Two years Hospital RN experience required.  Required to float to various nursing units.  Self scheduling - Minimum of 300 working hours per year required.  May select from multiple shifts.
2200586247	PWDNET The position is accountable for the shift-to-shift operations of a specific unit. Responsibilities include: standards of patient care, standards of nursing practice, safety, staffing, personnel performance, orientation/education, case management, and quality improvement. RN Licensed in the State of Utah. Current license State of Utah.  Three years clinical experience in Child/Adolescent Psych. Demonstrated leadership abilities and clinical expertise.
2200586616	one of the largest employers of clinicians in the nation; we make our employees a top priority. As an employee, will provide you with the same level of care and dedication that you provide your patients. We know that you are entitled to great benefits, flexible scheduling options and rewarding assignments in some of the best medical environments. Our Healthcare Recruiters will work hard to accommodate your career preferences. As a member of our dynamic healthcare team you will choose from prestigious assignments in top medical facilities and home-based settings. Our supportive staff will match your skills, experience and schedule to find you the best long-term, short-term or travel assignments.  Recruiters will be available around-the-clock to provide the assistance that you need to get your job done. Whether you prefer day, evening or night shifts,  has the solution for you. employees are our greatest asset. We offer the following benefits:-Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance-401k Program-Competitive Pay-Flexible Scheduling-Direct Deposit-Free Continuing Education (CE) Program-Positive Work Environment and Friendly Staff Bonuses-Travel Benefits (as applicable)-24 hour on- call service
2200586617	The Commissions Analyst assists in developing and administering sales commission plans, reports, processes, policies, and systems.Responsibilities:* Assist in the development, testing, and administration of the Callidus TrueComp commission system, including commission plans, employee status, territory and account assignment, crediting rules, compensation targets, quotas, and draw payments.* Ensure that commissions are calculated accurately and paid timely.* Responsible for daily performance reports for individuals, and quarterly management reports.* Perform macro and micro analysis of compensation plans, programs, payments, and sales employee performance.* Review and enforce commission policies and financial controls.* Evaluate commission plans and processes and initiate changes to increase efficiency and reduce costs of administration.* Act as a liaison between Sales, HR, IS&T, and Finance regarding commission design and administration.* Answer questions regarding commission plans and resolve issues regarding commission calculations and payments.* Complete special projects as assigned.Required Education/Skills:* Must have bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business and 1-3 years related experience* Must be detail-oriented, self-motivated, pro-active
2200586638	A $250 Sign-on Bonus is awarded for Retail New Hires who are continuously employed in the position for six months!  Job Title: Retail Communications Consultant  Tier: Skilled Non-Exempt - Performs variety of routine and no-routine duties that involve related steps, methods or application of standard practice and specific instruction with occasional variations.We are looking for outgoing, friendly Retail Communication Consultants to meet or exceed service and sales objectives by providing world-class service to store patrons, selling products and services to current consumers, and actively soliciting new customers through inside sales, outside events, and outbound marketing efforts. Use your proven customer service ability, excellent communication skills, and strong computer knowledge to guide new customers
2200586349	Supervises subordinate personnel including: hiring, determining workload and delegating assignments, training, monitoring and evaluating performance, and initiating corrective or disciplinary actions. ; ;Recommends, advocates and/or implements, new and or changes to existing, policies and procedures, laws or regulations. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organizations, suppliers, etc. ; ;Audits and reviews systems and practices to ensure compliance with procedures, regulations and standards. ; ;Represents agency staff at interprofessional, team, and/or agency meetings. ; ;Delivers presentations, stand up training, or instruction to staff, management, clients, or the general public. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Monitors agency or program budget including revenues, expenditures and budget projection, etc. Step 49 ($ 19.01) to Step 68 ($ 31.82) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to work with or contribute to a work group or team to complete assigned task(s); property valuation; financial markets, models, and banking; use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; conduct a methodical examination; principles, theories, and practices of budget management; find, gather and collect information or data; prov
2200586350	Provides direct client care including development, documentation, execution and assessment of treatment plan, etc. ; ;Lifts, transfers and positions individuals correctly using approved lifting techniques and procedures. ; ;Collects data and reviews research materials, determines accuracy and validity of sources and appropriateness for use. ; ;Manages individuals who are non-compliant, self-abusive, and aggressive (including maladaptive behaviors such as kicking, scratching, biting, head butting, spitting, throwing objects, etc.). ; ;Ensures confidentiality for the individuals by directing questions/requests to appropriate parties. ; ;Cleans, sterilizes and or disinfects areas and/or equipment. ; ;Adapts program(s) to meet specific needs or concerns. Step 26 ($ 10.19) to Step 42 ($ 15.71) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to maintain confidentiality; use cleaning agents, products and equipment; make a decision or solve a problem by using logic to identify key facts, explore alternatives, and propose quality solutions; use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions; biological, psychological and/or social impact on health conditions; teach personal hygiene and other daily living skills; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; find, gather and collect information or data; refer inquiries to appropriate staff, agencies or organizations; follow and apply treatment plans as
2200586351	Develops educational materials and speaks to state or community groups. ; ;Conducts on-site reviews and confers with staff and agency officials on problem areas. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organizations, suppliers, etc. ; ;Provides technical assistance and contract interpretation to contractors. ; ;Ensures compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines, etc. ; ;Maintains contact with applicable agencies/organizations for guidance in the solution of compliance problems. ; ;Coordinates program activities, services, and/or program implementation with private providers, other governmental entities, program users, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. ; ;Monitors and evaluates operations, programs, processes and/or practices for quality and effectiveness; makes recommendations for improvement. ; ;Collects and reviews client information to determine client's/applicant's eligibility and options. ; ;Coordinates projects and ensures adequate administrative controls, quality, and procedural efficiencies. ; ;Analyzes, summarizes and/or reviews data; reports findings, interprets results and/or makes recommendations. ; ;Creates marketing, promotional, or interpretive materials such as flyers, brochures, event calendars, training m
2200586352	Oversees offenders in institutions by monitoring schedules, participating in resolution of disorderly behavior, riots, etc. ; ;Performs security and custody duties including inmate supervision, cell searches, skin searches, inspections, inmate movement; prepares inmate incident and disciplinary reports. ; ;Provides information and makes informed decisions concerning offender behavior, attitudes, goals, etc. ; ;Coordinates activities with institutional needs and enforces security regulations on or off property. Step 37 ($ 13.73) to Step 54 ($ 21.76) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, theories, and practices of law enforcement; use the inmate classification and disciplinary system for inmate management; the offender management review system; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; use security and/or control techniques or devices to secure people, facilities, property, supplies or equipment; communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in writing; coordinate the activities or tasks of people, groups and/or organization(s); observe the environment, paying attention to changes, inappropriate activity, or potential problems. F
2200586353	
2200586636	 The Lead Retail Consultant is a leadership position within the  Retail Store. The LRC performs inside sales and provides service to new and existing customers. The LRC is also responsible for assisting store management in the day-to-day operations of the store as well as mentoring Retail Sales Consultants (RC) in sales and customer service processes. The LRC is empowered to make management decisions consistent with company policy in the absence of other management. The LRC assists customers through the purchasing decision, activations process, and educating them on their new purchase. Other LRC duties include performing customer credit reviews, building customer accounts in the billing system, and educating customers about their account. The LRC partners with the Retail Store Host to facilitate customer contact and timely service. The LRC always acts within the best interest of the Company by following established policy and procedure. Sales & Marketing:? Achieves/exceeds a monthly sales quota.? Understands and executes the company consultative Sales Model and creates a sales experience consistent with the Model.? Achieves monthly CSAT objectives by effectively handling customer services issues and escalations.? Drives additional sales through customer follow up and referral based selling.? Assists in the development of a marketing plan that may include outside events, outbound marketing,
2200586346	Prepares and processes billings, claims, warrants, disbursements and related documents; reviews invoices, warrants or other documentation; checks accuracy of figures; codes authorizations, exceptions, discounts, taxes, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Reviews documents and reconciles discrepancies; makes needed adjustments. ; ;Organizes, prepares and processes documents for filming \ scanning. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. Step 27 ($ 10.47) to Step 44 ($ 16.58) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to property valuation; conduct a methodical examination; find, gather and collect information or data; use automated accounting and/or financial computer systems; use computer relational database software; use computer spreadsheet software; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; enter, transcribe, record, store, or maintain information in either written or electronic form.; establish, organize and/or maintain files; prepare financial reports and documentation; operate microf
2200586374	Detects and eliminates or minimizes safety hazards. ; ;Operates, maintains, calibrates and adjusts specialized equipment. ; ;Maintain and repair hard and soft surface roadway including seal coating, crack sealing, lane leveling, grading gravel roads, filling ruts, grading and rebuilding shoulders, etc. ; ;Uses and operates a variety of hand tools, electrical, mechanical, and automotive equipment. ; ;Inspects facilities, machinery, equipment, systems, etc., to verify safety, maintenance, conditions, functions, and quality. ; ;Maintains roadways including vegetation, weed control, drainage, sign and structure maintenance, litter pick-up, repairing fences and guardrails, yard and driveway cleaning, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Reviews contractors' payroll transmittals and documentation; informs supervisor of problems, errors and need for corrections. ; ;Performs general road construction duties; flagging, clears brush for line of sight, assists in establishing benchmarks as directed, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Works in a team effort to help the maintenance or service operations become successful. ; ;Inspects materials used in construction projects to ensure materials have been certified for use and meet specifications. ; ;Gathers, identifies, and/or stores samples of materials to be tested on site or forwarded to a laboratory for testing. ; ;Services equipment with fuel, oil and ot
2200586376	Detects and eliminates or minimizes safety hazards. ; ;Maintain and repair hard and soft surface roadway including seal coating, crack sealing, lane leveling, grading gravel roads, filling ruts, grading and rebuilding shoulders, etc. ; ;Inspects facilities, machinery, equipment, systems, etc., to verify safety, maintenance, conditions, functions, and quality. ; ;Maintains roadways including vegetation, weed control, drainage, sign and structure maintenance, litter pick-up, repairing fences and guardrails, yard and driveway cleaning, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Reviews contractors' payroll transmittals and documentation; informs supervisor of problems, errors and need for corrections. ; ;Performs general road construction duties; flagging, clears brush for line of sight, assists in establishing benchmarks as directed, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Works in a team effort to help the maintenance or service operations become successful. ; ;Inspects materials used in construction projects to ensure materials have been certified for use and meet specifications. ; ;Gathers, identifies, and/or stores samples of materials to be tested on site or forwarded to a laboratory for testing. ; ;Services equipment with fuel, oil and other needs: checks fluid levels, cleans equipment and vehicles externally and internally, replaces bulbs and filters, etc. Step 36 $13.36 Knowledge of or Skills/Abilit
2200586377	Detects and eliminates or minimizes safety hazards. ; ;Maintain and repair hard and soft surface roadway including seal coating, crack sealing, lane leveling, grading gravel roads, filling ruts, grading and rebuilding shoulders, etc. ; ;Inspects facilities, machinery, equipment, systems, etc., to verify safety, maintenance, conditions, functions, and quality. ; ;Maintains roadways including vegetation, weed control, drainage, sign and structure maintenance, litter pick-up, repairing fences and guardrails, yard and driveway cleaning, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Reviews contractors' payroll transmittals and documentation; informs supervisor of problems, errors and need for corrections. ; ;Performs general road construction duties; flagging, clears brush for line of sight, assists in establishing benchmarks as directed, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Works in a team effort to help the maintenance or service operations become successful. ; ;Inspects materials used in construction projects to ensure materials have been certified for use and meet specifications. ; ;Gathers, identifies, and/or stores samples of materials to be tested on site or forwarded to a laboratory for testing. ; ;Services equipment with fuel, oil and other needs: checks fluid levels, cleans equipment and vehicles externally and internally, replaces bulbs and filters, etc. Step 36 $13.36 Knowledge of or Skills/Abilit
2200586378	Provides clients with information concerning rights, options, benefits, services, goals and expectations. ; ;Ensures progress towards intermediate objectives and vocational goals. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Manages caseload to include: processing updates, filling out forms and recording activities; monitoring and achieving caseload production standards, etc. ; ;Coordinates client services with appropriate professional and/or specialty clinic. ; ;Serves on various boards, councils, committees, or task forces to coordinate agency activities and facilitate agency goals and initiatives. Step 45 ($17.04) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to evaluate information against a set of standards; communicate fluently in a foreign language; interviewing techniques; assess physical, mental, social or economic needs; principles, theories, and practices of rehabilitation; agency and community resources and services; identify developmental needs of others and coach, mentor, or otherwise help others to improve their knowledge, skills and abilities; principles, theories, and practices of budget management; deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism; applicable laws, rules, regulations and/or policies and procedures; speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand, information and ideas as presented verbally; implement and use rehabilitation techniques; information and techniques n
2200586379	Maintains account receivables, processes and accounts for payments and ensures accuracy of receipts and deposits. ; ;Prepares and processes billings, claims, warrants, disbursements and related documents; reviews invoices, warrants or other documentation; checks accuracy of figures; codes authorizations, exceptions, discounts, taxes, etc. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Reviews documents and reconciles discrepancies; makes needed adjustments. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Performs processing, coordinating and preparing of in-state and out-of-state travel requests and travel reimbursments. ; ;Receives, researches and responds to incoming questions or complaints; provides information, explains policy and procedures, and/or facilitates a resolution. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Provides administrative support. ; ;Reconciles contracts and/or final billing to ensure accuracy. ; ;Provides assistance and/or on-the-job training. ; ;Reviews data, records and files for detail and accuracy. ; ;Processes payroll actions in a state agency or the Division of Finance. ; ;Reviews customer billings for accuracy; approves changes or refunds; reviews and approves vendor billings; reviews and approves payab
2200586380	Manages office support functions; determines priorities; designs, implements and modifies office standards and procedures to improve workflow, simplify reporting procedures, etc. ; ;Writes or drafts correspondence, reports, documents and/or other written materials. ; ;Records and/or transcribes minutes of meetings, hearings, dictation, dialogue, etc., and produces document in draft or final format. ; ;Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Retrieves data found in databases to generate requested reports. ; ;Acts as a resource to provide information or determine the most effective way of meeting the needs of management, staff, clients or customers. ; ;Organize meetings, conferences, or workshops: arranges facility and equipment reservations, speakers, meals, travel, etc. ; ;Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between agency or work unit and other agencies, work units, organizations, suppliers, etc. ; ;Provides assistance and/or on-the-job training. Step 33 ($ 12.31) to Step 53 ($ 21.18) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, practices and procedures of an office environment; use computer word processing software; use automated software applications; operate a typewriter or a computer keyboard; operate office equipment; establish, organize and/or maintain files; use computer relational database software; review and/or edit
2200586381	Prepare and/or process documents; review for accuracy and completeness; update information and/or evaluate against policy; compare elements for consistency or logical relationships, etc. ; ;Verifies data entry by comparing the source document against input data, utilizing automated verification system, using dual entry or other verification technique . ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Reviews data, records and files for detail and accuracy. ; ;Operates a variety of imaging, microfilming or scanning equipment to perform filming \ scanning projects. ; ;Organizes, prepares and processes documents for filming \ scanning. ; ;Maintains and/or creates files or record keeping systems. Sorts, labels, files and retrieves documents, or other materials. ; ;Receives calls and/or greets visitors, takes and relays messages, responds to requests for information; provides information or directs caller/visitor to appropriate individual. ; ;Assists the public and others to locate, view, or assemble filmed, scanned, or archived documents and/or information. Step 23 ($ 9.39) to Step 42 ($ 15.71) Knowledge of or Skills/Ability to principles, practices and procedures of an office environment; operate scanning/imaging and/or photographic, audio-visual, or related equipment; use State or agency-specific software application program(s); use automated software applications; review and/or edit documents for accuracy and completeness; o
2200586637	Retail Store Host Tier: Entry Non-exempt - Entry-level. Follows standard practices and procedures to perform straightforward duties.The Retail Store Host is responsible for greeting and assisting new and existing customers in the Retail store locations. The Host will balance many activities including answering inbound calls, emails, and walk-in requests, scheduling appointments, and controlling the general customer flow within the store. Strong customer service and communication skills are required. Retail experience is preferred. With a culture that promotes diverse thought and inclusiveness along with a value system that focuses on the individual, gives you the opportunity to spread your wings and grow your careers. Submit your resume today and continue to make a positive impact. Job Requirements Advances the company's retail position in consumer markets. Achieves sales goals and service performance requirements through new customer sales, accessory
2200586289	PWDNET This position is responsible for direct patient care under the supervision of an Occupational Therapist and works to develop and implement occupational therapy treatment procedures, therapeutic activities and life skills training. The assignment is located in our 16 bed, neuro-based acute rehab unit.   New graduates and soon-to-be graduates are welcome to apply.     - Associate Degree in an accredited Occupational Therapist Assistant program    - Current CPR Certification    - Excellent interpersonal skills which build trust, mutual respect and accountability    - Strong computer skills    - Must be a proven self-starter able to work independently or with a team
2200586290	PWDNET This position is accountable for the provision of safe, efficient and therapeutically effective care on the patient unit to which assigned. Utilizing the nursing process, care is delivered in compliance with hospital policies and procedures, legal and regulatory standards. Must have a current license as a Registered Nurse which allows you to practice in the state of Utah. Must have a current CPR card.
2200586375	Detects and eliminates or minimizes safety hazards. ; ;Maintain and repair hard and soft surface roadway including seal coating, crack sealing, lane leveling, grading gravel roads, filling ruts, grading and rebuilding shoulders, etc. ; ;Inspects facilities, machinery, equipment, systems, etc., to verify safety, maintenance, conditions, functions, and quality. ; ;Maintains roadways including vegetation, weed control, drainage, sign and structure maintenance, litter pick-up, repairing fences and guardrails, yard and driveway cleaning, etc. ; ;Maintains accurate records and logs. ; ;Reviews contractors' payroll transmittals and documentation; informs supervisor of problems, errors and need for corrections. ; ;Performs general road construction duties; flagging, clears brush for line of sight, assists in establishing benchmarks as directed, etc. ; ;Enters data into a computer system and retrieves, corrects, or deletes previously entered data. ; ;Works in a team effort to help the maintenance or service operations become successful. ; ;Inspects materials used in construction projects to ensure materials have been certified for use and meet specifications. ; ;Gathers, identifies, and/or stores samples of materials to be tested on site or forwarded to a laboratory for testing. ; ;Services equipment with fuel, oil and other needs: checks fluid levels, cleans equipment and vehicles externally and internally, replaces bulbs and filters, etc. Step 36 ($ 13.36) to Step 52 ($ 20.61) Knowl
2200586455	26473  Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Upon request; reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.This position requires successful completion of a drug test and criminal background check.Applicants claiming Veterans or Disabled Veterans preference must submit a photo copy of their DD-214 and complete the Utah State Veteran's Preference Addendum.One year of general clerical experience; effective communication skills; and a commitment to provide excellent customer service required. A hiring department may require a minimum typing ability.Reviews and processes applications; requisitions and related forms; reviews them for accuracy and completeness; ensures compliance with University and department policies; procedures and regulations. Answers inquiries that may result in a search for records. Performs reports by gathering and assembling data.   Maintains filing systems by determining the most appropriate filing category. Receives; sorts and distributes incoming and outgoing mail Answers; screens and routes incoming telephone calls.   May receive payments and prepare receipts for routine fees and bills and verify the collected monies against cash register tapes and statements.Full-time; 40 hours/week.  Monday through Friday.
2200586066	DISTRICT MANAGER ASSISTANT(Salt Lake, Layton,Park City,& Sandy)$13.00 per hour  Must have the desire to provide excellent customer service to our subscribers, and be available to work weekends, holidays, and additional shifts, as needed. You will need the knowledge of street coordinates and posses a good driving record, demonstrate good organizational skills, basic math and reading skills, and have the ability to lift up to 50 lbs. Must be able to read, write, and understand English.   progressive and growing Equal Opportunity Employer.
2200586067	Corporate Account SERVICE ADMINISTRATOR   a 115 year old Global Textile Company with headquarters in Salt Lake City. We are looking for a full time Corporate Accounts Service Administrator.Responsibilities: Responsible for Corporate Accounts in a geographical area.Travel minimum 7 days /month.Work with branches to resolve service issues.Up sell and cross sell in existing accounts.Requirements: BS Degree in Business or Marketing Excellent communication skills. Excellent computer  skills.We Offer: $40,000 to $45,000 annual salary plus possible bonus Great benefits package Opportunities for career development   EOC/MF/V/D
2200586068	  MANUFACTURING  Pre-hung Door Assembly. Stock Bldg. Supply is looking for motivated individuals in their new manufacturing facility. Exp. is pref., will train. Competitive compensation.
2200586073	  AUTOMOTIVE SALES   Guaranteed Salary Full Benefits Personalized Training
2200586074	VP OF OPERATIONS  responsible for Audit, Tenant Leases, and Training. Position is Executive level and reports to President. Must possess strong motivational, public relations and analytical skills. Minimum qualifications are a Bachelor's degree in a related field and previous management experience in a financial institution.
2200586075	   CHILD CARE TEACHERS  Health Ins. + Vac.FT or PT. Paid training.  MURRAY
2200586208	This position will close and applications will not be accepted after March 31, 2008.Application Information:We offer a great working environment, an excellent salary, and superior benefits. If you enjoy working on the leading edge of technology and meet the above qualifications, act now.  Position Description Department:Engineering Duties:* A track laborers job consists of repairing and rebuilding railroad track, using hand tools to do so. Specific duties will include, but are not limited to, removing and replacing ties, pulling and driving spikes, shoveling rock ballast, loading and unloading equipment and material, and various other tasks, as assigned.* OBSERVE THE CONDITION OF TRACK, TRACK BED, AND TRACK RIGHT-OF-WAY FOR PROBLEMS OR DEFECTS. Make quick visual inspections for broken rails, defective switches and signals,
2200586209	his position will close and applications will not be accepted after March 31, 2008. Application Information:We offer a great working environment, an excellent salary, and superior benefits. If you enjoy working on the leading edge of technology and meet the above qualifications, act now.  Position Description Starting pay may be up to $40,000/year and may reach up to $75,000/year in future years. Pay rates are not negotiable as per the collective bargaining agreement. Duties: Essential job functions are as follows:* Performing switching, braking, and other train operations.* Pushing, pulling, lifting, and carrying up to 25 pounds frequently, 50 pounds occasionally, and assisting in the infrequent movement of weights of up to 83 pounds.* Coupling air hoses.* Uncoupling cars.* Applying and releasing hand brakes.* Riding rail cars and climbing
2200586210	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT311-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586061	  SOCIAL WORKER  Clinical Therapist for Residential Eating Disorders Treatment Facility near Logan, UT. The qualified applicant will possess a Ph.D., Psy. D., MFT, or MSW and be Utah license eligible 6-12 months after hire. This position requires excellent skills in conducting individual, group & family therapies & an ability to work collaboratively in a team approach setting. Must be a dependable self-starter and willing to effectively contribute to goals of an interdisciplinary treatment team. Must have strong therapeutic skills, excellent communication & interpersonal skills, and a strong work ethic. Our treatment philosophy is guided by Proschaska's model of change and evidence-based approaches to include DBT & CBT & ACT. In addition, we offer a unique combination of expressive therapies and animal-assisted therapies. Experience working with ED populations is preferred, but we are willing to train the right individual. Located in the Rocky Mountains of Northern Utah, 1  1/2  hours north of Salt Lake City, beautiful Cache Valley offers breathtaking surroundings and a variety of outdoor and recreational activities. Our commitment to effective therapy and outcome guides our treatment of adolescents and adults with disordered eating.   Salary is commensurate with experience in individual discipline (Master's level range $35,000-$55,000) (Doctoral level range
2200586062	  HOUSEKEEPERS  Utah's largest & most professional service is looking for housekeepers to work Monday through Friday. Paid every Friday. Paid training. Company vehicles. Weekends off. Holidays off. Immediate employment.
2200586063	  INSURANCE  CSR for personal lines agency F/T, experienced
2200586069	  PRODUCTION  Production Workers Full time work. No exp. necessary - will train. Forklift experience a plus. Starting salary up to $13.00/hr DOE. All shifts available. Extra pay for rotating shifts. Excellent career opportunity with advancement possibilities. Excellent benefits.
2200586070	  TECHNICIAN  New car dealership has an opening for a LINE TECH with state inspection license and emissions certificate, will need good driving record and neat appearance. Good pay and benefits
2200586071	POST PRESS PRODUCTION Part-time $11.18 PER HOUR  Applicants must be available for any shift: days, nights, weekends and holidays included, for three shifts a week. Material handling environment working around inserting equipment preparing, wrapping, tagging, stamping, and hand-tying packaging preprint supplements. Requires basic math and reading skills, ability to push/pull 1600 lbs on a rolling pallet jack, and withstand long periods standing, and sitting. Work schedules vary and requires ability to work any combination of days, nights, weekends and holidays. No experience necessary - will train.  progressive and growing Equal Opportunity Employer
2200586072	  ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANTAdministrative Assistant
2200586206	 Pharmacists, where do you want your job to lead you? Employer will take you there!! Employer is offering travel assignments across the nation for hospital experienced pharmacists! Whether it is a remote community in Texas or the shores of California you are looking for, we can offer those opportunities. As the premier Pharmacy Staffing provider to organizations all across the country, we offer competitive pay and benefits such as 401(k), health, dental, vision and ESPP with a 30 hour work week. Immediate needs for Hospital Pharmacists Come travel with us!!
2200586207	Inpatient Travel Pharmacist Job - Rock Springs, WYJob Search Options    Location: Rock Springs, WY Category: Staff Pharmacist Last Updated: 12/27/2007Pharmacists, where do you want your job to lead you?  Employer will take you there!! Employer is offering travel assignments across the nation for hospital experienced pharmacists! Whether it is a remote community in Texas or the shores of California you are looking for, we can offer those opportunities. As the premier Pharmacy Staffing provider to organizations all across the country, we offer competitive pay and benefits such as 401(k), health, dental, vision and ESPP with a 30 hour work week. Immediate needs for Hospital Pharmacists Come travel with us!!
2200586211	 Open ContinuousPlan/Series/Grades: GS-0610-09/11/12Salary Range(s): GS-09: $0-$0GS-11: $0-$0GS-12: $0-$0 Positions: 2  NOTE: Grade and announcement number may be different. Check with the facility when filling out an application. This position can be filled with either a nurse practitioner or a physician asisstant based on qualifications and the requirements of the job. Basic qualifications to be considered for any of the medical health care positions with the   Health service are you must be a U.S. Citizen and have a non-restricted license.
2200586064	   SECURITY GUARD  Part-time, evenings shift, Thurs & Fri, 3pm-11pm. Help cover for vaca-tions for day and night shifts which total 6 weeks a year. Indoors, monitor cameras, an-swer phones issue gate passes. Must be avail-able any time, any day as needed with prior notice. Uniforms provided, no experience required.
2200586065	   AUTOMOTIVE  PARTS MANAGER   a leader in customer satisfaction is looking for an exp Parts Manager or a exp GM parts counter person with the strong desire to advance in their career. Candidate must be knowledgeable in the automotive dealer parts industry, self motivated, organized, working knowledge of inventory control procedures, Team player with a positive attitude and customer relation skills.
2200586203	Environmental Analyst  Apply OnlinePosition OverviewThis position maintains environmental compliance at a large power plant, by monitoring andResponsibilities of this position include the following: * Monitor the performance of the water treatment plants at both sites and manage the interface with the water treatment service providers.* Monitor and ensure that environmental data collection and ensure that reporting is carried out in accordance with company policy and state regulations.* Prepare and analyze financial analyses of environmental impacts on business operations.* Analyze budget forecasts and actual performance of budgeted activities for assigned environmental services. * Participate in trade associations and various task forces to assist in the development of environmental laws and regulations. * Provide accurate input into the budget process and contribute to meeting the actual targets.* Provide environmental support to the thermal plants.* Write procedures to make regulations actionable by plant employees.* Keep plant senior staff apprised of relevant regulatory obligations and pending issues and train employees on procedures as needed.QualificationsRequirements for this position include the following: * Bachelor's Degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or a related field; or the equivalent combination of education and experience.* A minimum of three years experience in a chemistry or laboratory environment.
2200586204	Operations Sr Manager II - Frac Operations Manager  Job Description Apply Online Description"Responsible for the operations required in manufacturing and production. This may include machining, fabricating, assembling, and transportation. Implement strategic and tactical plans for the assigned unit"Frac Operations ManagerThis position could be either level 12 or 13.This person would be responsible for all areas of operations within the Frac business including:     Maintenance of field equipment     Product transports     Portable storage vessels     Portable boost pumps     Hose systems     Huff and puff systems     TractorsAs well as:-Record keeping associated with maintenance and operations-Implementation of system to account for locations of all equipment at all times-Management of maintenance team-Accountable for all aspects of safety for frac staff (maintenance and field staff)-Maintaining up to date SOPs-This role will not be accountable for sales performance-Meeting budgeted cost goals for maintenance team-Manager of the Rock Springs physical siteAdditionally, this role would ultimately (within one year) assume the day to day responsibility of managing the Frac field operations. These responsibilities would include:-Management of field personnel-Profitability analysis-Customer relationships-Analysis of equipment and personnel additions- Understand and optimize Frac cost to serve modelSummary: This role is new to the Frac team. It is designed to take a s
2200586200	HSE Generalist  ExterranJob ID#: EXT339-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/28/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: WY - CasperDepartment: HSECategory: Professional<!
2200586201	HVAC - Sr. Controls Technician Employer is a growth company. And not just because we've posted increased sales for over 58 consecutive years. We also do all we can to give people the chance to grow. Our employees enjoy working at a place that offers great advancement opportunities, training, benefits and more. You'll be challenged to innovate, encouraged to apply your knowledge and well-rewarded for results. A Fortune 100 company, Employer is a global leader offering solutions in automotive systems and facility management and controls. We've been consistently recognized as one of the world's 100 best-managed companies. Our family includes more than 118,000 employees on six continents. Their health and safety is paramount to our success. We value teamwork, integrity and diversity. And we welcome anyone who shares our commitment to excellence.EOE/AA EmployerJob Description Apply OnlineUnder minimal supervision, conducts preventive maintenance, repair, installation, and commissioning and general servicing of systems (including detailed troubleshooting of systems). Responsible for high levels of customer satisfaction through direct, on site, customer interface. With a high level of complete technical competence, mentors control technicians, service technician and mechanical technicians on building automation activities. Properly completes required project and servicePRINCIPAL DUTIES:* Diagnoses and repairs complex control systems malfunctions requi
2200586202	Control Operator (127) Position OverviewControl Operator (127) A Control Operator is responsible for the safe and efficient operation of boiler,steam driven generation equipment and associated auxiliary equipment Responsibilities for this position include:  .* A Control Operator is a journeyman employee who directly operates and performs tasks associated with and directs the safe and efficient operation of coal fired boilers, steam driven turbine/generators and all associated auxiliary equipment. * Under the direction of a Shift Supervisor, the Control Operator works with and directs work of plant operators, and operator trainees. * At times the Control Operator assists with the training of plant operators. * Responsible for the routine and emergency operation of the generating unit. * Delegated representative responsible for execution and monitoring of the Generation Tagout procedure. * Interfaces directly with Grid Operations and Generation Dispatching personnel.QualificationsRequirements for this position include:* High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to three months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.* One to three years experience in coal fired boiler/turbine operation..* A Control Operator has satisfactorily met all qualifications specified by the Company. These qualifications include but are not limited to the ability to operate and oversee the safe operation of
2200586205	Network Technician - Installation and Maintenance Job ID: SB12070003 Company Name: Description:NETWORK TECHNICIAN Employer is a leading provider of voice, video, and data services. The company's employees are committed to the "Spirit of Service" and providing world class services that exceed customers' expectations for quality, value and reliability. Customer satisfaction and winning customer's continued business and loyalty is what helps make our company what it is today. Function: Installation and MaintenanceClassification:  Regular Full TimeWage Scale: 2Location: Kemmerer, WY  Typical Work Hours: Needs of the busineesJob Description:* Analyzes and troubleshoots basic technical problems or issues.* Reviews and discusses service order requirements and equipment requests with customers, evaluating customers ; telecommunication needs and suggesting additional/alternative service as appropriate.* Installs, maintains/repairs, and tests residential/small business telecommunication service (POTS and Broadband/DSL).* Will be invovled in cable locates and repair.* Connects wires and cables to terminals, and attaches/detaches various kinds of hardware to wires, cables, buildings, and poles.* Uses hand tools, power tools (air and electric), and specialty tools, including electric and electronic measuring devices (e.g., multi-meters, volt-ohm meters).* Per
2200586134	  AUTO  AUTO DETAILER  Detail cars at our dealership. Drug free environment. Testing is required. Must have current drivers license and good driving record. No Experience necessary. Pay will depend on experience. Full time. Full benefits.
2200586141	    TEACHERS  Employer, is seeking teachers for the 2008/2009 school year. ISG offers an accredited American curriculum to over 3000 expatriate students. Starting tax-free salaries are $37,800 - $48,000. Benefits include free housing, free utilities, free childcare, medical insurance, annual home airfare, and interest free car loan. Preference given to couple/team Selected candidates will be invited to interview in Salt Lake City late January 2008
2200586194	 Job Description: This position is located  in Burley, Idaho and will be 20/hours per week. Do you enjoy working in a retail sales environment? Do you enjoy finding the right solutions for your customers? Do you find satisfaction in providing excellent customer service while having fun at work? Want frequent recognition and rewards for top performance?Come join our Teller team!Responsibilities include processing customer transactions within established guidelines. Identifying and making sales referrals, recommending alternate channels, cross-selling bank services and products for bank partners, providing excellent customer service and responding to inquiries/problems and may handle more complex services/transactions. Minimum Qualifications: To be eligible for employment with Bank N.A. you must be able to establish proof of eligibility to work in the United States, successfully pass a criminal background screening and must be at least 18 years of age. Qualified applicants will have 6+ months of successful sales, customer service and cash handling experience. Candidates must also have above average to excellent communication skills and an above average to excellent comfort level with computers. Preferred Skills: Bilingual in Sp
2200586195	Shall be responsible for any radioactive material and equipment assigned to him. Shall be responsible for complying with all procedures, on a daily basis, when performing operations involving the use of radioactive material. Shall be responsible for maintaining his company vehicle that is assigned to him. Provide customers with technical product support relating specifically to Radioactive Tracer Services. Deliver products to customers as needed. Make provisions to minimize accidents in the work place. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: High School diploma or equivalent. One year Oil and Gas Stimulation experience required.  Certifications in Radiation, Well Logging or Subsurface Tracer Operations are helpful.NOTE: Only qualified candidates will be contacted. Please, no phone calls and no agencies. Education/Experience:HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA OR GED; 1 YR OIL &amp; GAS STIMULATION REQUIRED
2200586197	Branch Manager -  Casper, WY12/26/2007Casper is a vibrant community that still has its Western roots firmly planted in the ground. Casper is home to the state's only international airport, as well as a regional medical center. Casper provides many opportunities for recreation. Casper Mountain is only minutes away for mountain hikes, skiing and camping. The North Platte River and Alcova and Pathfinder Reservoirs provide top notch fishing and water recreation. JOB DESCRIPTIONThe Branch Manager is responsible for all critical issues of the branch, including sales, sales growth, budgeting, gross margins, and all operational expenses. Other key areas of responsibility include safety, customer service, inventory levels, accounts receivable, and resolution of personnel issues. Assist outside salespersons in all facets including but not limited to preparing quotes, maintaining all required literature, providing customer follow-up, and gathering sales leads. Schedule and follow-up on deliveries, pre-call customers before scheduled deliveries. Control costs and monitor fiscal performance compared to budget. Maintain store in a clean and orderly manner. Schedule staffing to insure excellent customer service at all times. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES: Answering customer inquiries Computer entry of customer orders Coordinating with territory sales personnel t
2200586198	Process (Chemical) Engineer - Operational Excellence Job Code: 451Division: ICG-Industrial Chemicals DivisionLocation: GREEN RIVER, WY USTravel Involved: None/Not SpecifiedJob Type: Full TimeJob Level: Experienced (Non-Manager)Education: Bachelors Degree Category: EngineeringPosition Summary:Key Responsibilities      Operational Excellence support    New process and product development    Process and product improvements     Site wide and long term projects    Plant support (chemical and process expertise)     Operator training    Process safety support      Mentoring new chemists and process engineers   Technical documentation      Site ISO 9000 certification efforts    Master Process implementation    Lead Process Engineering team effortsActivities   Develop Operational Excellence training materials     Train Operational Excellence teams   Initiate facilitation of Operational Excellence team meetings (short term), act as resource (long term)     Develop new processes and products    Improve processes and products    Provide chemical and process support to plant areas     Interact with Corporate Technology Group     Monitor and report lake level and composition    Involved in muds team     Train / teach operations about new
2200586199	Field Service Technician -  ExterranJob ID#: EXT341-07MI # of Positions: 1 Posted: 12/28/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: WY - EvanstonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Operatives (Semi-Skilled)<!
2200586093	looking for a dynamic candidate to manage a medical records department.Job duties include: filing, audits, discharging patient records, and MDS/ data entry. The ideal candidate will have knowledge of Medicare, Medicaid and experience in skilled nursing.
2200586101	Current Openings:*GRAVEYARD RN/LPN*CNA*RESPIRATORY THERAPIST**Sign on Bonus** specializes in high acuity skilled nursing patients. The work environment is supportive and fast paced.  EOE."We embrace a reverence for life and a heart for healing"
2200586102	Sign on Bonus for Nurses, and for CNA'sRN/LPN/CNA:Want to be part of something great?  Competitive wages Quarter per Quarter program for CNA's CNA certification reimbursement No waiting for insurance (Nurses)  Sound Interesting? Come Apply! Bring your friends! Referring bonus
2200586103	  NURSING  CNAs &PHLEBOTOMISTS 8 DAY COURSES
2200586104	  NURSINGSeeking FT & PT RN's and LPN's. RN's start $25.00/ hr. DOE with $1,500 sign on bonus. LPN positions $14.00/hr DOE with $500-$1,000 sign on bonus. Eating Disorder experience not necessary.
2200586105	  OFFICE ASSISTANT  Must be organized, dependable and able to multitask. Pay DOE and a FREE SKI PASS!
2200586110	  ROCK SPLITTERS  Bonneville Quarries of West Bountiful, UT is hiring 30 workers to separate and split blocks of rough stone from quarry using jackhammers, wedges and crowbars to prepare stone for landscape and building supply. Frequent lifting of up to 75 lbs. This entry level and seasonal position begins 04/01/08 and lasts through 11/31/08. Pay is $9.17/hr. for forty hours; $13.76/hr. OT varies. EOE.
2200586111	  SALES  Inside sales rep for Olympic Book Publisher for Nat'l Library campaign. Base + commissions.
2200586112	Join the Largest Security Company!  SECURITY OFFICER  $9.00-12.00/HR  HIRE BONUS: $100 P/T-$200 F/TEM $10.50-$12.50/HR HIRE BONUS:$300.00-$500.00  Utah, Salt Lake, Davis and Weber County. EOE/M/F/D/V
2200586113	  SOCIAL SERVICES  DOES AUTISM INTEREST YOU?CTA NEEDS 20 STAFF TO SUPPORT PEOPLE WITH AUTISM.  P/T & F/T, Evenings, Weekends, Graves avail. $8.50/hr after training, benefits, tuition reim.
2200586114	NEEDS 20 STAFF TO SUPPORT PEOPLEWITH AUTISM.  P/T & F/T, Evenings, Weekends, Graves avail. $8.50/hr after training, benefits, tuition reim.
2200586115	  SOCIAL SERVICES  Executive Director  A newly formed not-for-profit seeks Administrator to develop and supervise programs and engage in public and private fund raising. Superior organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Report to independent Board. Bachelors degree, Masters desirable and at least 5 years experience in field. Starting salary to $65,000.
2200586118	  TELEMARKETING  TRAVEL CONSULTANT  Make CA$H FAST!  Apply for the best P/Tjob in Utah! This job is fun and easy and we pay well! UP TO $15p/hr Wage! Pay off that holiday shopping spree! Pay off that bill!Have extra cash in your pocket!
2200586119	  WAREHOUSE  Material Handler 2/Dispatcher Responsibilities include product delivery planning, dispatching trucks & scheduling drivers. May include inventory control, pulling products & loading/unloading trucks. 1+ year experience. Must have computer literacy, excellent communication and organizational skills. Ability to lift up to 75 lbs required. Pay $11.46-17.19/hr DOE PAM a division of US Oil Inc
2200586120	  WELDER/FABRICATOR  Welding: all positions Mig & dual shield. Blue-print skills.
2200586127	Utah's largest direct mail magazine is looking for you! If you have strong sales skills and a can-do attitude, we need you on our team. A strong 14 year old Utah company offers unlimited commission based selling, flexibility, fun, and a great place to work. To find out if this is the job match you've been looking for, please submit your resume
2200586128	 RETAIL SALES Exciting Items! $7/hr.+ no smoke co.
2200586129	  SALES  Account Manager  Locally based chemical mfg and distributor is looking for qualified candidate to cover an established territory. Base salary+profit based incentive, car allowance & expenses. Excellent benefits including H&A, life & dental ins. Our retirement plan is the best - profit sharing plan with no employee contribution. Excellent career opportunity with a growing national co.  EOE
2200586130	Utah's largest direct mail magazine is looking for you! If you have strong sales skills and a can-do attitude, we need you on our team. A strong 14 year old Utah company offers unlimited commission based selling, flexibility, fun, and a great place to work. To find out if this is the job match you've been looking for, please submit your resume
2200586131	  SALES Attention Entrepreneurs Unlimited income potential. Opportunity is knocking!Be your own boss and grow your own business! Becoming an Independent Distributor is an excellent opportunity for entrepreneurial-minded individuals. Grow single copy sales of The Salt Lake Tribune, Deseret Morning News, and other newspapers. Select individuals will have the opportunity to grow their sales within a protected territory. Successful candidates will possess: Entrepreneurial spirit  Team building skills  Management skills  Delivery vehicle  Customer service excellence  Sales and distribution background
2200586132	   SALES  Local Career College looking for ADMISSIONS REPRESENTATIVES  for new campus in Layton
2200586133	  SALES  SERVICE TOOL CO., LLC  Is a leading importer, distributor and merchandiser of hand tools. We sell and service a variety of wholesale and retail accounts, such as auto parts, hardware, lumber yards, welding, implement stores, truck stops, plus many other types. We are seeking an individual willing to travel the state of Utah establishing new customers and servicing the existing accounts. We have great company benefits. Travel and transportation required. Income in direct proportion with person's ability.
2200586135	  COURIER  West Valley company looking to fill P/T Courier position. M-F 2pm-7:30pm Must be 21, have clean driving record and lift40-50 lbs.
2200586136	   DRIVER  Employer needs Class A flatbed longhaul drivers with 2 years experience. We pay up to .37/mile, a sign on bonus, and Great Benefits.
2200586137	  DRIVER - ROUTE DRIVER  Employers van. FT. Excel. Benefits.
2200586138	LOCAL DRIVERS  wanted Doubles, Triples, Haz-Mat, Tankers.* Class A * Local Work * Top Pay * 2 Yrs.
2200586139	  DRIVERS  LOCAL & WESTERN STATE DRIVERS $1,000 SIGN ON BONUS  SLC terminal is expanding & needs Full Time Drivers to haul bulk liquid & dry products locally & in the Western states. Steady year round work, rarely gone more than 3 nights. Must have CDL, HazMat, doubles, & good driving record. Will haul vans, tanks, & doubles. Earnings potential between $60,000 - $77,000 plus exceptional profitsharing, safety bonus, health, dental, paidvacation & sick leave.
2200586140	  EDUCATION  MOBILE ADVISOR     searching for a full-time mobile advisor to transport students while providing guidance for positive attitude and behavior in off-center activities. High school diploma or equiv. and two yrs exp. in counseling, social work, rehabilitation, security, law enforcement, vocational guidance, military exp. or verified voluntary exp. Must possess or acquire within 60 days of employment a valid CDL license with an acceptable driving record.   EOE/M/F/D/V
2200586094	  MEDICAL   OPHTHALMIC TECH  full time for busy Ophthalmolgy office. Past medical exp. required. Will train for specialty.
2200586095	  MEDICAL  RECEPTIONIST  Energetic people-person needed F/T for busy Murray Ophthalmology office. Minimum 2 yrs. medical office exp. and Must have good working knowledge of patient insurance.
2200586096	  MEDICAL  Registered Dietician  Employer in Logan, UT is looking for full-time & part-time Registered Dietitians. Must have degree in Dietetics from an ADA accredited school; RD eligible welcome to apply. Some experience working with eating disorders preferred. Great working environment, flexible schedule options, competitive plus benefits and pay offered ($34K-$47K DOE).
2200586097	NEW OPENINGS FOR 08! RN / LPN / CNALCSW  This next year we will continue to grow rapidly! We are looking for individuals willing to share in the hospice foundational belief of embracing a reverence for life and are looking for opportunities for career advancement! We offer competitive salary, excellent benefits and a supportive work environment. Interested applicants,
2200586098	Sign On Bonuses!!! Come work where comfort and caring prevail  a place like home.  a newly remodeled SNF in Bountiful is looking for compassionate staff. We offer competitive salary and benefits package, professional growth, and a warm, supportive environment.. "Embracing a Reverence for Life"
2200586099	 RN/LPN Night Shift Available Sign-on Bonus $1500.00 Make a positive change. Join our Quality Award Winning SNF. EOE
2200586100	WANTED NURSES, CNA's SIGN ON BONUS!
2200586106	  OFFICE  Billing/general office skills & computer exp. a must. Good customer service.
2200586107	  PLUMBER   Competitive wages, Health/Dental/ Vacation/Retirement Established Plumbing Co. seeks Utah Licensed: Service Plumber 4th YR or JOURNEYMAN Opportunity to grow!
2200586108	  PRODUCTIONIndustrial assembly with 2yrs exp.
2200586109	  RETAIL SALES  SALES ASSOCIATES Downtown SLC, PT. 2 hotel gift shops. Flex. hrs. Base + incentives. Must be 19 or older.
2200586220	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT310-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586221	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT307-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586222	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT309-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586223	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT306-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586224	Gas Control TechnicianCompany: ExterranJob ID#: EXT308-07MI# of Positions: 1Posted: 12/13/2007Job Type: Full TimeLocation: NM - FarmingtonDepartment: OperationsCategory: Technicians<!
2200586116	  SOCIAL SERVICES  Support Staff   individuals to assist adults with Developmental Disabilities. Graveyard, weekends & afternoon shifts available. Pay depends on exp. & $100 sign-on bonus after 30 days.
2200586117	  SOCIAL WORK  FOSTER PARENTS needed earn $900/mo. tax free by helping kids.
2200586121	  GROCERY  Come join the Macey's team!
2200586122	Immediate opening available at our Convenience Store/Gas Station in Tooele. Cash handling experience preferred, must be able to work a variety of schedules. Competitive wages, medical, dental, vacation, 401k, bonus incentives, education reimbursement!
2200586123	  RETAILPT ONLY DATA COLLECTOR $11.00/hr 10-15 hrs/wk + mileage. Visit food stores, collect market data. Must have computer exp. Car, Lic, Ins. Daytime hours!
2200586124	  RETAIL  PT Sales & Stock. Men's Big & Tall clothing store. 25-30 hrs/wk. Competitive wage & great employee discount program.
2200586125	  RESTAURANT  Looking for F/T Line Staff for small cafe in Draper. Approx 6:30AM - 3PM M-F. $8-$8.75/hr.
2200586126	  CABINET  CUSTOM CABINET SHOP needs Sales/Designer. Pay DOE.
2200586076	   CUSTOMER SERVICE  VACATION SPECIALIST PAY OFF YOUR BILLS!! How much did you spend on the HOLIDAYS?!? We can help you  WE HAVE THE BEST P/T JOB IN UTAH!  Fun and No Sales! You can make up to $14 P/HR! NO WEEKENDS Morn and Eve shifts!
2200586077	  CUSTOMER SERVICE  WANTED! AMBITIOUS INDIVIDUALS TO CHANGE THE WOR  PUBLIC  INTEREST COMMUNICATIONS $9.50/hr. Paid Training Opp. for Advancement/  promote from within Days Customer Service/ Inbound/Outbound Outstanding Benefits Casual atmosphere   We work for organizations that benefit our planet!
2200586078	  DENTAL ASSISTANT  Great job in a well established progressive family dentistry & orthodontic practice. Excel. wage, benefits & working environment. Exp. req.
2200586079	  DENTAL  FT Front Desk, FT/PT Dental Assistant.
2200586080	  DENTAL  Ortho Assistant We are seeking a FT & PT Orthodontic Assistant to join our fun, energetic team. 1 yr. exp pref.
2200586084	UP TO .40 CPM Great Home Time '06 & '07 KW's CDL Training avail.
2200586085	  DRY CLEANING - PRESSER   FT. Will train. Excel benefits.
2200586086	  GROOMERExp. only, F/T, busy eastside location.
2200586087	  HEALTH CARE  Recreation Aide Outgoing, energetic, part-time Activities Assistant needed for premiere skilled nursing facility. We will train the right person to lead activities for our senior population on weekends and a couple of weeknights. Great working environment and competitive pay. Growth opportunities.
2200586088	  Full Time, Swing Shift with Weekends. This position is responsible for general cleaning and sanitizing of vertical and horizontal surfaces using approved supplies and cleaning equipment in order to present an aesthetically pleasing appearance and enhance bacterial control with a focus on infection control in a busy hospital setting. The incumbent also has responsibility for removal of refuge, assists with room set up, deep cleaning services.
2200586089	  LANDSCAPING  LAWN & TREE CARE NOW HIRING. No exp. necessary. Start from $10 - $14 DOE. PLUS: Family Medical & Dental Ins., Vacation, Holidays, Overtime over 40 hrs, Commission, 401K & Paid Training. Work outside, independently, in a fun environment. You only need a decent driving record & be drug free.
2200586090	  MACHINIST  CNC TECHNICIAN   Performs advanced service & troubleshooting for CNC mills and lathes. Minimum of three years experience in core applications. Benefits avail.   EOE/AA
2200586091	   MEDICAL ASSISTANT Needed for medical office in Sandy. FT, Benefits.
2200586092	  MEDICAL  HEART CENTER  is recruiting the following positions:   RN   MEDICAL ASST   EKG TECH  If you are extremely organized and have two years of exp.
2200586217	Mechanic Apprentice Service (union) Employer is a growth company. And not just because we've posted increased sales for over 58 consecutive years. We also do all we can to give people the chance to grow. Our employees enjoy working at a place that offers great advancement opportunities, training, benefits and more. You'll be challenged to innovate, encouraged to apply your knowledge and well-rewarded for results.A Fortune 100 company, Employer  is a global leader offering solutions in automotive systems and facility management and controls. We've been consistently recognized as one of the world's 100 best-managed companies. Our family includes more than 118,000 employees on six continents. Their health and safety is paramount to our success. We value teamwork, integrity and diversity. And we welcome anyone who shares our commitment to excellence.EOE/AA EmployerJ ob Description Apply Online Apprentices shall perform all pneumatic control systems and mechanical equipment service and all other work coming under the labor agreement assigned by the Employer, limited only by their capabilities as determined by the Employer, at the respective apprentice rate of pay, and shall perform all assigned work under the direction of the Employer. Qualifications* High School Diploma or equivalent* Familiarity with HVAC equipment* EPA Refrigeration certification a plus* The ability to perform general building maintenance* Self starter with ability to work independe
2200586218	Rite Track Management TraineeReq. #: 2363 # Positions: 1Location: ID-Pocatello Posted Date: 05-31-07Category: Store Management/Store Management More information about this job:Job Description:The associate is responsible for the functions below, in addition to other duties as assigned:? Actively participate in the mentor/mentee relationship with assigned mentor.? Utilize the performance related feedback, as outlined in the Rite Track Performance Appraisal Form, for career development purposes.? Successfully complete assigned job shadowing rotation with the regional field management staff.? Assist the Store Manager with the operation of the retail store.? Ensure the store opens and closes at the appropriate time.? Complete the duties and responsibilities of the Store Manager in his/her absence.? Ensure prompt service is given to all customers and handle customer complaints and adjustments for returned merchandise.? Oversee the prevention of shrinkage by enforcing corporate policies and procedures.? Enforce all policies and procedures to ensure excellent customer service is provided and to maximize the P&amp;amp;L performance of the store.? Order merchandise and ensure it is set in the store according to merchandising plan-o-grams and is in good condition.? Review profit and loss (P&amp;amp;L) and other financial reports to identify sales and expense control opportunities.? Provide leadership and development for associates by communicating career opportunities, providing regula
2200586219	Production/Materials Analyst - AB/Pocatello, IDTracking Code199008-547Job DescriptionCoordinates with AgriBusiness Headquarters and Plant Management to develop accurate capital spending forecasts. Maintains project schedule on all capital projects within the plant. Operates and maintains the LP model for budgeting and other production analysis. Responsible to coordinate with accounting to accurately maintain the fixed asset report and the home based cost center list.Requires a Bachelor's Degree (B.A.) in a related field; manufacturing accounting or plant process experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Computer experience with Windows and Microsoft Office Suite (especially Excel) is required. Experience with computer optimization modeling, cost/benefit analysis, ROI calculations and JDEdwards is desirable. Must be familiar with accounting functions and able to compile date for computer transmission to other departments. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are required.*CBJob LocationPocatello, ID, US.Position TypeFull-Time/RegularSalaryPG 40-PG 40 US Dollar (USD)- Submit/Create a new Resume/CV for this posting- Use an existing Resume/CV to submit for this posting- Email this posting to a frie
2200586081	  DRIVER  F/T - Some computer knowledge and some weekends.
2200586082	  DRIVERS  Local Deliveries SIGN-ON BONUSPT/FT. Paid training and vacation; fuel incentives. Advancement opportunities. Must have own Van, Truck or SUV.
2200586083	  DRIVERS OTR DRIVERS   taking applica-tions for 48 state dry freight operation. Home wkly, nice equip., medical insur.
2200586212	Site Contacts Dental Officer Northern Navajo Medical Center (Shiprock) - HospitalShiprock -  Vacancy Number: 0408-2 Open Dates: January 18, 2006        - Open Until FilledPlan/Series/Grades: GS-0680-11/12 Salary Range(s): Contact Michael Cadieux for details.Positions:  NOTE: Grade and announcement number may be different. Check with the facility when filling out an application.Basic qualifications to be considered for any of the dental health care positions with the  Health service are you must be a U.S. Citizen, have a non-restricted license.
2200586213	Physician Assistant PoolJob ID: 41624 Location: AZ-PagePosted Date: 08-15-07 Shift: DayCategory: CNA's/ MA's/Techs/Phleb/CLA's/Positions Department : Emergency Department Facility: Page Hospital Position Type: PerDiem-CAShift Hours: .. Hours Per Week: ..Overview:Page Hospital has a Pool PA position available.Qualifications:Responsible for providing 36 hrs per week Physician Assistant coverage in the Emergency Dept. Must have 5 years Physician Assistant exp. preferably in the Emergency Dept. Must hold a valid Arizona license from the Joint board on the Regulation of Physician&amp;rsquo;s Assistants. NCCPA certification require
2200586214	Site Contacts Chief Pharmacist         - Open Until FilledPlan/Series/Grades: GS-0660-11/12Salary Range(s):   Search Results Area MapRequest InfoNotes: NOTE: Grade and announcement number may be different. Check with the facility when filling out an application. Basic qualifications to be considered for any of the medical health care positions with the     Health service are you must be a U.S. Citizen and have a non-restricted license.
2200586215	Account ExecutiveTracking Code0203AE-FT001Job DescriptionThe Account Executive is responsible for establishing and developing new business contacts; maintaining current relationships; developing and implementing a sales and marketing plan.Required Skills1. Bachelor?s Degree in business and/or management preferred.2. Two (2) years sales experience in the health care industry.3. Formal sales training4. Competent organization skills5. Ability to handle stressful situations/deadlines6. Excellent oral/written communication and interpersonal skills7. Must demonstrate the ability to communicate effectively with all members of the healthcare delivery team.8. Demonstrates the ability to support the philosophy, objectives and goals of the home health region.9. Forecasts needs; set prioritiesJob LocationCasper, WY, US.Position TypeFull-Time/Regul
2200586216	Requisition ID 10465BR Position Title Title Asst Assoc Job Family TitleJob Location WY-Green River Req Type Non-ExemptEmployment Category Fulltime-RegularJob Description We are seeking a customer service oriented individual to fill the position of Title Assistant in our Green River office. Successful candiate will possess the following knowledge, skills &amp; abilities:Strong customer service orientation;Strong computer skills;Excellent verbal &amp; interpersonal communication skills;Excellent problem solving skills;Ability to multi-task accurately in a fast paced environment;Highly organized and able to prioritize;Self-motivated;Ability to maintain and demonstrate cooperative attitude with co-workers and supervisors;Team player.Job Qualifications Strong customer service orientation;Strong computer skills;Excellent verbal &amp; interpersonal communication skills;Excellent problem solving skills;Ability to multi-task accurately in a fast paced environment;Highly organized and able to prioritize;Self-motivated;Ability to maintain and demonstrate cooperative attitude with co-workers and supervisors;Team player.% of Travel Required 10%-2
2200586037	  CONCRETE  Finishers & Formsetters. Own tools & transportation.
2200586038	JOB SITE SUPERINTENDENTS. General Contractor offering competitive wage & benefit package. Must be computer literate. Travel may be required.
2200586039	  CONSTRUCTION TRADE SHOW WORKERS  Temporary assignments with some long hours and overtime in the following job classifications:   General Labor  Decorating, Material Handler  Certified Fork Lift Operators  Installation Assembly Of pre-fabricated trade show exhibits  Excellent pay and benefits $10.49 to $18 hr. Please bring work history or resume; I.D. and documentation for IRS 19. Application and Orientations will take about 90 minutes.
2200586040	  ELECTRICIAN   now accepting applications for Journeyman & Apprentice Electricians. Must be state licensed. Competitive wages & benefits.
2200586045	  CUSTOMER SERVICE  Home Warranties. FT. Benefits after 90 days. $10-$13/hr.
2200586046	  CUSTOMER SERVICE  Now hiring Inbound Customer Service Reps for  Bank. Qualified candidate will have H.S. Diploma and previous customer service exp. or banking exp.
2200586052	Central Utah Clinic, Located in Provo, UT seeks a highly skilled CFO who will be responsible for the daily activities of the entire finance function. The successful candidate will excel in leadership, communication, organization and problem solving. Must be a CPA with 5+ years of accounting experience and possess a strong work ethic. Central Utah Clinic offers a generous compensation and benefit package including a 401K. If you are interested in becoming part of a great team of professionals,
2200586053	  DENTAL OFFICE  Busy dental office seeks full-time Receptionist, Mon-Fri. Pay DOE.
2200586054	  ELDERLY CARE  HOURLY & LIVE IN Great pay, benefits and exclusive training.  Work For AGreater Purpose!
2200586055	P/T Housekeeper for our Retirement Community Excellent benefits after 31 days. Must speak English
2200586056	  MEDICAL ASSISTANTFull time MA position in fun, busy pediatric office.
2200586057	  MEDICAL  Records/billing, computer exp. & good customer service.
2200586058	   NURSING  DIRECT CARE   Staff needed for individuals with special needs. F/T avail. CNA not req
2200586059	  NURSING  RN's, CNA's,LPN's   OUTRAGIOUS Clinical Care. Work with an AWSOME Staff! We are willing to PAY TOP Dollar for great people. Sign on BONUS for people with exper.
2200586060	You can make a difference in the life of a person who has developmental disabilities.  full & part time direct support positions in Sandy, Taylorsville, Draper, Riverton & Davis County.   Pay rate based on prior  experience and training  Annual raises; no cap on wages  Benefits  Referral bonuses  Training incentives.
2200586031	  ADMINISTRATIVEF/T or P/T Executive Secretary for Bountiful Attorney: $12-20/hour, DOE. Top candidates should be very familiar with QuickBooks, have at least two years experience in legal field, have an excellent eye for detail, and willing to work M-F at least 4-6 hours per day.
2200586032	  RECEPTIONIST  FT M-F 8-5p; 1-2 Sat. each mo. 8-Noon for N. SL Trucking Co. Answer multi phone lines, 10 key, filing, A/R etc. Must have computer exp. $10/hr.
2200586033	  OFFICE MANAGER/ASST.F/T. No smoke co. $10hr/ up.
2200586034	   BANKING    SENIOR VICE PRES Credit Risk Officer UTAH  With significant delegated credit approval authority, this is an exc. opportunity for an individual with sound market knowledge, strong credit analysis skills & exp. Duties incl. evaluating credit request by gathering & analyzing customer & credit info to create appropriate credit structures & to mitigate risk factors. Oversee credit quality & delinquency within the banks portfolio to achieve co. objectives & loan structure goals. Joint calling with Loan Officers on existing customers & prospect will req. refined calling exp. Requires business degree & 7-10 yr. of progressive exp. as a relationship mgr. or underwriter & strong business knowledge & credit judgment or equivalent combination of education & exp. We offer a positive working environment based on mutually beneficial relationships, competitive compensation & an opportunity for a progressive career in banking. If you enjoy providing excellent service & assisting customers find solutions, we would like to hear from you.
2200586035	  DATA ENTRY / BANKING  West Valley company looking to fill 2 P/T DATA ENTRY positions. Mon-Fri,9am-3pm & 2pm-8pm. 10-key and bankingexperience a plus but will train the right applicant. Must be dependable,detail oriented & able to meet deadlines.
2200586036	 Loading Trucks  Door Dept.  Cabinet Builders  Will train. 18 or older. Health/Dental Ins., 401k, paid vacation & bonuses. Drug screening req.
2200586041	   WAREHOUSE/ GENERAL LABOR    Long term Employment opportunity. Swing & day shifts. Also available;  Light Industrial  Skilled Trade  Shipping/Receiving  Production  Customer Service
2200586042	  APPOINTMENT SETTING/  COLLEGE PLANNING  $12-$15/hr base+comm DOE. Outbound phone exp. a must. 20-30/hrs week afternoon & eves.
2200586043	  CUSTOMER SERVICE  Answering Service BILINGUAL OPERATORS ONLY Day Shift 6am-3pm Swing Shift 3-Midnight  INBOUND ONLY. FT and PT, 35 WPM. Work at home or in our office.
2200586044	CUSTOMER SERVICE REP Full-time:Mon - Fri (8 am - 5 pm) Part-time: Mon (8 am - 5 pm), Sat (7 am - 10 am), Sun (7 am - 12:30 pm)Mon, Tues, Fri (7:30 am - 5 pm), Sun (7 am - 12:30 pm) $9.00 PER HOUR  (Full-time positions include a competitive benefits package.)Basic computer knowledge, excellent phone skills, and customer service experience required. Unique program lets you increase your wages as you reach the different certification levels. Accurate typing at a moderate rate of speed is required for this position. A typing test will be given in order to qualify.  progressive and growing Equal Opportunity Employer
2200586193	Educational Advisor - Presenter Location: Pocatello, ID Last Updated: 12/31/2007 Job Description:employer Inc. (NYSE: DV) is the parent organization of   University, Advanced Academics, Ross University, Chamberlain College of Nursing and Becker Professional Review.   University, which includes Keller Graduate School of Management, offers associate, bachelor's and master's degree programs in technology, healthcare technology, business and management. Advanced Academics provides online secondary education to school districts throughout the U.S. Ross University offers doctoral degree programs through its schools of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine. Chamberlain College of Nursing offers associate and bachelor's degree programs in nursing. Becker Professional Review, which includes Becker CPA Review and Stalla Review for the CFA Exams, provides professional education and exam review for accounting and finance professionals.  Motivational Speakers!Provides energetic approved presentations to high school students in a classroom setting. Conducts educational and motivational presentations to groups of students (juniors and seniors primarily but also other groups of education-seeking students) for the purpose of influencing their decisions to pursue higher educations and potentially attend   University. Education, Experience, Knowledge and Skills:Bachelor?s degree preferred and sales
2200586047	  Hydroelectric ManagerGE Energy, North Salt Lake. Perform job mgmt for Hydro Power Generation repairs and technical direction of in-shop and on-site repairs. BS Engineering or 5-10 yrs hydro technical exp desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to coordinate with customers, field engineers and account managers. Must have good computer skills, and be willing to travel.
2200586048	  Industrial Motor ManagerGE Energy, North Salt Lake. Perform project mgmt for industrial motor repairs. BS Engineering or 5+yrs industrial motor exp, switchgear exp pref. Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to coordinate with customers and supervise employees required. Must have good computer and job tracking skills. Able to create cost estimates, proposals and inspection reports.
2200586049	  ACCOUNTING  COST ACCOUNTANT  BS in accounting required. 2-3 years exp. Tracking of CIP projects, maintain all fixed assets, reconcile GL accounts and assist in month end closing. Great benefits.  EOE
2200586050	FT- Account Rep Works to resolve pt account balances, collect on past due balances Must be customer service oriented, able to work unsupervised with good communication skills. Experience a plus.
2200586051	  ACCOUNTING TAX PREP  Seeking exp Tax Prep-arer for individual & bus returns. FT yr round w/ flex. sched. Also to perform mo. bookkeeping compilations for sm. bus. clients.
2200586196	Track Laborer/Welder -  ! Apply early as this job may be removed or filled prior to the closing date.Work inWinnemucca, NevadaEqual Opportunity Employer - Affirmative Action W/M/D/VNotice:Applicants must be US citizens or aliens authorized to work in the USA.See job information and related policies below!Track Laborer/Welder - Regional TravelPlease Note:This position will close and applications will not be accepted after March 31, 2008.Application Information:We offer a great working environment, an excellent salary, and superior benefits. If you enjoy working on the leading edge of technology and meet the above qualifications, act now.If you have not previously applied for this position, FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION, please select the 'Apply Online for' button below.  Position DescriptionDepartment:EngineeringDuties:* A track laborer&amp;rsquo;s job consists of repairing and rebuilding railroad track, using hand tools to do so. Specific duties will include, but are not limited to, removing and replacing ties, pulling and driving spikes, shoveling rock ballast, loading and unloading equipment and material, and various other tasks, as assigned.* OBSERVE THE CONDITION OF TRACK, TRACKBED, AND TRACK RIGHT-OF-WAY FOR PROBLEMS OR DEFECTS. Make quick visual inspections for broken rails, defective switches and signals, deteriorating track
2200586015	Will be working at the counter taking food orders and serving customers in a polite and courteous manner. Will be operating the register and counting change. May be required to do some cooking and clean up duties will be assigned. A Food Handlers permit is needed and employer will allow 30 days to obtain after hire. Work will be one day per week on Saturday 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Wage is negotiable depending upon experience.
2200586331	Experienced, Full-time cook needed to prepare and bake food.    Housing possible at a reasonable cost.  Work is at the Border Inn, which is 90 miles west of Delta, Utah.  Pay is $9.00/hr for experienced cook.  Inexperienced, will train, starting at $8.00/hr.  Position will start in May.
2200586522	Maintenance Worker I is needed for a Murray municipality.  Will perform a variety of unskilled and semi-skilled work in maintaining the parks, streets and power departments and divisions using a variety of hand and power tools.  May train in the operation of both light and heavy equipment.  May assist others in installing sprinkling systems, assist others in picking up trash in the parks, cleaning restrooms, assist others in mowing, trimming, and watering lawns.  Patches street holes, rakes asphalt, shovels and sweeps debris in gutters, puts up and takes down street signs, paints streets and puts up and takes down cones.  Must have at lease six months construction laborer experience and be able to obtain a Utah Commercial Driver's License with six months of hire.  May perform duties on trouble truck and must be generally available and respond to emergency "call outs" at any time of day, year-round, regardless of weather conditions.   Job closes January 16, 2008 at 5:00 pm.
2200586291	Executive Drivers are needed for a Salt Lake car service.  Will drive executive vehicle to transport customers to desired locations and return customers to point of origin.  Professional dress standard is required.  Men are expected to wear slacks, shirt, tie and jacket.  Women are expected to wear slacks or skirt, shirt and jacket.  There are six immediate positions available.   Two shifts available.  6:00 am to 2:30 pm and 3:00 pm to 11:00 pm.  Days off are determined by employer. Must have a clean driving record, cannot have no more than one moving violation within the last year, no DUIs.  Must be at least 22 year of age for insurance purposes.  Must have a valid Utah Driver's License.  Must be able to effectively communicate, the majority of the clients are English speaking.
2200586007	Must have 20 days exp. as an irrigator and at least one reference who has first-hand knowledge and can verify the worker's experience and performance as an irrigator will be required.  Must be able and willing to after a 10-day conditioning period, produce sufficient work to meet the minimum piece-rate of 48 40' sections of 3" pipes or 44 40" sections of 4" pipes per hour under normal conditions. Tends Sprinkler systems to irrigate land. Lay out line of pipe, checks alignment; adjusts as necessary for proper water distribution.  Attaches line to water supply valve and starts flow of water.
2200586403	Immediate opening for construction laborer.  Will be hanging rain gutters on commercial and residential buildings.  No experience needed, will train; will work under direct supervision of owner.  Work involves climbing ladders, measuring, cutting, fastening, use of basic hand and power tools.  Must be able to lift up to 150 pounds.  Hours may vary especially in hot weather, may work split shift mornings and evenings.   Pay is on a percentage basis (% of adjusted gross),  should average minimum of  $12.00 per hr.  Must be 18 to operate power tools.  Days off usually Saturday and Sunday; may work some Saturdays.Rim Raingutters: Complete a generic application.
2200586332	Will be packaging a variety of products and materials.  Measuring, weighing, and sacking landscaping products and materials.  Will load materials and products weighing 50-60 pounds.  Good manual dexterity is a plus.  Hours are 6am to 4pm Monday through Thursday.  Wage is $10.00 an hour.
2200586185	Full time temporary position from January through April.  General receptionist and clerical duties.  Will be filing, answering telephones, typing.  Need to be computer literate.  Will work Monday - Friday.  Wage depending on experience.
2200586499	Facilities Journeyists #2830 needed for the Meadowbrook area.  Responsible for installation, repair and troubleshooting of various building and facilities equipment, such as air conditioning, heating, energy management systems, bus hoists, overhead doors, electrical control systems, fueling systems, lighting systems, UPS systems, and mechanical systems. Will also need experience in bending conduit, running electrical circuits, installing plumbing systems, fabrication, welding, and a general knowledge of gear reducers, pumps, and fans.  Preference will be given to applicants with the following:  (a)  Approved Electrical Master card; or (b)  Approved Electrical Journeyist card; or (c)  AAS in Electrical and Instrumentation Technology; or (d)  AAS Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning -OR- an equivalent combination of relevant education and work experience.  Days off will be arranged with employer. Position open until filled.
2200586523	CNC Programmer/Machinist Operator needed for Salt Lake City (84119 zip code area) employer.  Will be programming and operating CNC-controlled machines.  Must have two (2) years CNC programming experience.  Will work from 7:00 a.m to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday, with some overtime required.  Wage is negotiable depends on experience.
2200586170	Sales Representative needed for Murray employer.  We have a lot of leads, and we are building new relationships that will generate more leads over the next few months.  Great commissions and a great environment.
2200586323	Secretary needed for Murray employer. The responsibilities will include answering phones, responding to e-mails, filling out customer contracts and customer order forms.  Must have the ability to multitask, and prioritize tasks. This position requires one (1) year related experience with skills in MS Office, e-mail, and the Internet.
2200586296	Sales Representative needed for Murray employer. Will promote sales to market coaching and mentoring skills, with all leads provided. This is a commission based salary. Schedule is Monday-Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. with some Saturdays required. Employer will train.
2200586410	Carpet Technicians needed for Sandy employer.  Must have one (1) year experience.  Must have a valid Utah drivers license and a good driving record (no more then two tickets in two years, no DUI's).  Must have customer service skills.  Wage starts at $12.00 per hour.  Will work part-time until trained and then will go to full-time.  3 immediate openings.
2200586746	Design, implement, test, and maintain Autonomous' flagship product to meet client needs and advance robotics technologies.  Software Engineers participate in the full life cycle of software development and help determine project architecture and requirements.  (see autonomoussolutions.com for full job description).  Wage is negotiable based on qualifications, skills, and experience.  QUALIFICATIONS:  Bachelor or Master degree in Computer, Software Engineering or related field - 3+ years industry experience - C, C++, C# experience - Skilled in MS Windows? development - Proficient with MS Visual Studio? - Excellent troubleshooting skills and techniques and detail-oriented problem diagnosis - UML - Skills in image processing preferred - Skills in UI development preferred - Good written and verbal communication skills - Able to work independently as well as in team and multiple team assignments.
2200586797	Need immediately two people to help unload a moving van.  Will unload furniture and various household items.  Job should take no more than 3 hours and employer will pay $17.00 per hour.  Would like the work to be done Thursday January 3, 2008.
2200587160	Will be doing all types of automotive repair and maintenance work.  Will do everything from minor tune-ups, brakes, etc. to major overhauls.  Must have some related experience and good mechanical skills/aptitude.  Employer prefers someone with knowledge or interest in high performance work.   Usually work M-F but some Saturday work may be required on occasion.  Wage is negotiable based on experience and qualifications.    Vacation and holiday pay available after one year plus employer allows employees to purchase parts at cost.
2200587157	Will be doing counter parts sales and service writing for an automotive service and repair business.  Will write up orders for repairs, billings, schedule appointments for work, etc. Requires some knowledge of automotive repair.  Employer prefers someone with knowledge or interest in high performance work.  Service writer experience is preferred but employer is willing to train someone with good mechanical aptitude.  Usually work M-F but some Saturday work may be required on occasion.  Wage is negotiable ($8.00 per hour and up depending on experience and qualifications).    Vacation and holiday pay available after one year plus employer allows employees to purchase parts at cost.
2200586936	Machine Operators needed for industrial manufacturing facility.  Will operate and tend various types of machinery used in the manufacturing of plastic bag products.  The facility operates on a 12-hour shift rotation schedule from 7:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M. (day shift) and 7 P.M. to 7:00 A.M. (graveyard shift).  Manufacturing employees rotate shifts every two weeks.  Must be available to work both shifts Monday-Sunday as scheduled.  Usually work 2-3 days then have 2-3 days off.  Current openings are for full-time permanent positions.  Starting wage is $10.00 per hour (good wage increases and benefits are available).  Requires High School Diploma or GED.  Related experience is helpful but not required.  Employer has several immediate openings.
2200586916	Will plan, organize, promote and monitor daily activities for children and youth ages 5 to 12 years old.  Activities include organizing group games, team sports, arts, crafts, academics, science, field trips and special events.  Provides for safe and supervised environment and full interaction with participants at assigned school location.  Oversees use of program equipment such as bats, balls, and games and craft supplies for all youth participants.  Responsible for record keeping including; attendance, incident reports, equipment use, supply requests, and evaluations.  Performs job duties in conjunction with other after school staff, recreation staff, school staff, and city personnel. Hours are 2 - 6 PM Monday through Friday.  QUALIFICATIONS:  Must be at least 18 years of age.  Must have experience equivalent to three (3) years in developing programs and activities for children and youth, including arts, crafts, sports, academics, active and passive games and in-depth working knowledge of supervision skills for children and youth ages 5 to 12 years old.  Concentrated mental application required. Ability to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with the general public and fellow employees.  Moderate physical effort.  Must possess or be able to obtain First Aid certificate, Cardio-Pulmonary Resuscitation certificate, Tuberculosis Test, and Food Handler's Permit within three months of employment
2200586940	Machine/Line Operators needed to work in a food production facility.  Will perform various line functions with major responsibilities including machine operation.  Will perform process control and quality assurance functions.  Must be able to work 8 hour shifts Monday through Friday.  Some weekend (Sat. & Sun.) overtime will be required on occasion based on production demands.   Applicant must be able to lift 50 lbs on a continuous basis.  Requires pre-employment skills and drug test as well as a High School Diploma or Equivalent.  Current openings are on swing and graveyard shifts.  Starting wage is negotiable based on qualifications and experience (minimum of $9.84 per hour and up).  Wage increases at 60 days and again at 90 days.  Job also offers excellent benefits and career opportunities.
2200586884	Will assist customers in a retail paint store. Duties include helping customers with paint selection, tinting paint and assisting with other purchases.  Will also be responsible for loading and unloading trucks.  May also deliver materials in company owned trucks when needed.  Must be able to meet company driving standards and be at least 18 years of age (due to driving requirements).  Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs on a regular basis.  Wage is $9.00 - $10.00 per hour to start depending on experience.  Benefits are available after 90 days.  Days worked will be Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 8:30 AM to 5 :30 PM and Saturday from 8 AM to 3 PM.
2200586744	Responsible for directing, coordinating, maintaining, and controlling an accounting system that properly reflects the financial position of the Company. The Controller monitors department policies and procedures and recommends improvements, consults with the Senior Management, participates in establishing and implementing goals and objectives, and serves as a resource in all areas of financial interest. The Controller ensures accurate internal and external recording and reporting of financial transactions, oversees budgeting, general ledger, accounts payable and receivable, payroll, fixed asset management, and ensures that accounting activities are in accordance with GAAP, established legal, regulatory, and Company procedures. The Controller also assigns, directs, and evaluates members of the accounting staff. QUALIFICATIONS: ?Bachelor's and Master's degree in accounting, business, or a related field; CPA preferred - Thorough knowledge of financial and accounting practices and procedures - Understanding of governmental regulations and reporting requirements preferred - Understanding of related auditing and IT functions - Broad based knowledge of the entrepreneurial business environment - Five or more years of high level accounting experience - 3 or more yrs. of supervisory exp. - Strong oral and written communication skills - Solid analytical and technical skills - Ability to use related hardware and software.  (Full job description is available).  Wage is very negotiable.
2200587058	Local ski resort needs a network administrator assistant. Employer is seeking an individual with strong communication skills and excellent analytical & planning abilities. Working in a Microsoft environment this position installs, configures, and maintains the database and application servers. Responsibilities include working with SQL Server, Server  2003 and Active Directory. A primary responsibility will be the technical management of a resort-wide ticketing and revenue management system. This position acts as primary organizational interface with both outside vendors and internal departments; providing internal analysis and support. Requires a minimal of 3 years relevant experience. MCSE certification is beneficial and resort experience is preferred. This is a seasonal hourly position.  Employer offers family ski privileges. Salary depends on verifiable experience and qualifications.
2200586821	Shipping and receiving clerk needed to receive,  match merchandise with invoices, price  and take  merchandise to the floor.  Order freight online and maintain inventory.  Will be working Monday through Friday 25 to 35 hours a week.  Hours will be arranged - work until freight is taken care of.   Wage is negotiable based on experience. Position is in Vernal, Utah.
2200586897	Deli Worker needed for local convenience store.  Will do all types of food preparation work at the deli counter, make sandwiches, assist customers, clean up and perform other related duties as needed.  Employer needs coverage between 8 AM and 3PM Monday through Friday and some rotating weekends as scheduled.   Part-time hours to be arranged with employer.  Starting wage is negotiable.
2200587057	Full-time Receptionist for Logan classrooms needed.  Under the supervision of the PHS Child Development Coordinator, the Receptionist will implement special projects for the Child Development Team.   Must have experience with computers be able to communicate effectively and pay attention to details.  Spanish speaking preferred.  Job closes January 16, 2008.
2200587155	Will work in Internet sales and shipping or orders of refurbished computers and components. Will list products for sale on Internet sales sites, track orders and ship products. Must be familiar with the Internet and various software products.
2200586758	Receive and disburse money in establishment. Involves use of electronic scanners, cash registers, or related equipment. Often involves processing credit or debit card transactions and validating checks. Operate cash register, assist customers, count the till at the end of your shift. Stock shelves in the hardware department.  Other duties as assigned.
2200586816	Maintenance Technician for a Salt Lake apartment community.  Will be responsible for the general maintenance of the apartments including the repairs and upgrades of the units.  Will also be responsible to ready the units for new tenants.  Must have a minimum of 2 years maintenance experience, own tools, and a valid Utah drivers license.  Salary is negotiable and based on experience.
2200587174	Cook Prep Supervisors needed for an employer located in Salt Lake City.  Will be supervising inmates as they prepare meals in the kitchen within the jail.  Will also provide some culinary training to the inmates.  Must have previous food preparation and supervisory experience.  Must have a current Food Handlers Permit.  Must be able to pass a background check.  Several positions available.  Shifts available include 10:30am to 7:00pm or 3:00am to 11:00am.  Salary is $10.00-11.00 an hour.  Benefits includes medical, dental, vision, and paid vacation.
2200587181	Food Prep needed for a cafeteria in the University of Utah area.  Will prepared food and assist customers in a cafeteria setting.  Must have previous food preparation experience and a Food Handlers Permit.  Two positions available.  Full time: Monday through Friday from 6am to 2pm.  Part time: Monday through Friday from 9am to 2:30pm.  Salary is $10.00 an hour with benefits available for full time work.  Benefits include medical, dental, vision, and paid vacation.
2200586933	Data Entry Specialist for a local commercial and residential property manager in Draper.  Will enter client information, crew work data and up keep a database system.  Must have previous data entry experience.
2200587041	Payroll Service Specialist for a Sandy area employer.  Interface with clients compiling payroll data, answering questions, and assisting as needed to provide pay checks for employees.  Operates in a payroll services bureau call center environment.  Must have a high school diploma or GED, customer service skills, and knowledge of Microsoft Office.  Competitive pay and full benefits.
2200587036	Software QA Technician for a Salt Lake employer.  This is an entry level position.  Tests software and hardware to specifications to ensure accuracy, functionality and lack of defects.  Develops and executes test cases, reports the status of testing, documents and helps with support issues.  Must have a minimum of 2 years experience in software or hardware support, testing, or development.  Knowledge of all Microsoft Windows versions.  Basic hardware knowledge.  BS in Computer Science or related, basic SQL knowledge, and experience with web based applications is desired.
2200587048	Part Time IT Assistant for a Salt Lake employer.  Will help support and provide solutions to hardware, software, and local area network needs.  Must have 2 years experience with the following: Desktop/Laptop/Printer Hardware, current Microsoft Desktop OS and Applications.  Understanding of IP Networking, basic computer hardware,  and PBX telephone systems.  Demonstrated understanding of telephone and network cabling.  Prefer Associates or higher degree in computer science or related field.  Will work 20 + hours per week.
2200587049	Maintenance Worker for a Salt Lake clinic.  Part time position working 20 hours per week.  Will help with various carpentry, electrical, plumbing, painting, and other related projects.  Must have previous maintenance experience.  Employer will be flexible with schedule.
2200586755	Full time stocking/inventory control  positions to work 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM.  Unload freight, inventory and stock shelves and other duties as assigned.  Must be willing and able to work as scheduled five days a week with days off varying.  Required to be able to lift 50 Lbs on a consistent basis, bend, stand, stoop, lift to meet job requirements.  This is a fast paced work environment.  Potential of benefits.  Entry level salary is $10.20 and is negotiable based on experience.  Must pass pre-employment drug screen and background check.  Must have references with phone numbers when applying.  Specify job title "In Stock Team" on job application.  Position is in Vernal, Utah.
2200586757	Assist customers, greeting the public, change tires, oil and lube, sales of all automotive products, clean up spills, all other duties as assigned. Entry level salary is $11.90 and is negotiable based on experience. Willing to train with basic skills.  Must pass pre-employment drug screen and background check. Need to able to work as schedule.   Position in Vernal, Utah.
2200586819	Provide supervision and care for children in an in-home day care.  Children range in ages from 6 months to 12 years.  Observe and monitor children's play activities.  Read to children, help them with activities such as painting, drawing, handicrafts, and songs.  Organize and participate in recreational activities.  Help prepare and serve meals and snacks and clean up.   Must have or be able to obtain a Food handlers permit, First Aide and CPR.  Must be able to pass background check.  Position is part time and could be full time.  Salary will increase with training.  Salary is negotiable based on experience and skills.  Position is in Vernal, Utah.
2200586750	Cashier/checkers  to work various shifts and days of week.  Will check items, take payment and make change and other duties as assigned.   Must be willing and able to work as scheduled.    Need to be capable of stand on feet for extended periods of time,  bending and lifting.  Must be capable of consistently lifting minimum of 50 lbs. Must have references with phone numbers when applying. Employer does pre-employment drug screening and background checks.   Entry level salary starts at $8.90.  Salary scale is negotiable based on experience. Salary review after 90 days.   Various other positions available as needed.  Located in Vernal, Utah.
2200586751	In-stock/inventory control  positions to work various shift 5:00 AM to 2:00 PM, 2:00 PM to 11:00 PM. Unload freight, inventory and stock shelves and other duties as assigned.  Must be willing and able to work as scheduled five days a week with days off varying.  Required to be able to lift 50 Lbs on a consistent basis, bend, stand, stoop, lift to meet job requirements.  This is a fast paced work environment.  Potential of benefits.   Salary starts at $8.90 and is negotiable based on experience.   Must pass pre-employment drug screen and background check.  Must have references with phone numbers when applying.  Specify job title "In Stock Team/Inventory Control" on job application. Full and part time positions available. May call Terri or Lynette at 435-789-9784 for move information on shift availability.  Position is  in Vernal, Utah.
2200586749	Maintains customer master files, credit qualification, billing, monthly statement mailing, customer relations and collections, works closely with operational managers to research and resolve customer issues, associated accounting functions, preparing/reviewing aging reports, cash application, general ledger reconciliation, credit card charge backs and other receivable related office and research functions as assigned
2200586759	The Evolution Group is training motivated and ambitious individuals to serve on client support teams.  Selected individuals will be trained to respond to customer questions in the areas of real estate and tax lien.  Qualified applicants will possess strong interpersonal skills, the ability to learn technical material quickly and a healthy work ethic.  The position starts at $12.00.  Full and part-time shifts available.
2200586760	Construction company seeking part time office help with the following experience and skills:Reception duties, filing, data entry, accounts payable, computer literate, other office tasks as needed.
2200586761	We have multible positions available for a full time, front-line collector in our upbeat, professional downtown office. This is not a customer service job.  Experience is helpful but not required-we will train the right person.  We offer an outstanding working environment in a very professional office setting.  We are looking for assertive up-beat individuals who want to work hard, be successful and make good money. You will be contacting debtors by phone and giving them the opportunity to pay their bill.  If they refuse or fail to pay, you will verify their demographic information and send the account to our Attorney for the filing of a lawsuit.  You must be proficient with a computer, be able to type at least 40 WPM and communicate effectively over the phone.  We provide an exceptional benefits package which includes: 100% paid health insurance, 1 week?s paid vacation after 150 days, a lucrative 401K matching plan, a paid day-off on your birthday and more!! The successful applicant must pass a drug test & background/credit check.  If you?re ready to earn a very good income ($14/hour wage, plus bonus').  If you?re a self-motivated, assertive, intelligent, honest individual, please apply.
2200586766	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586792	Our Housekeepers will have the passion and knowledge to anticipate and meet our guest's needs and expectations along with the insatiable desire to attain the highest levels of quality, service and cleanliness in all areas of our hotel. Our housekeepers are required to clean the property rooms and grounds as assigned by the Head housekeeper or manger, and function as a member of the housekeeping department. Duties include vacuuming, dusting, cleaning of bathrooms, changing linen and all other duties given by supervisors.
2200586743	The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in politics, public policy and/or survey research. This position is full-time and includes generous benefits.  Aid partners and senior level staff in survey research projects which include:- making charts and data tables- create, proof read and editing memos/reports- programming using VOXCO- other project related activitesAbility to work fast under deadlines and high pressureAll majors welcome w/some college experience
2200586817	Looking for a motivated, enthusiastic and fun individual to sell screenprinting and embroidery on apparel and hats, as well as promotional products for our business. Individual should have a social personality and work well with people. The sky is the limit as far as earning potential! Your motivation is the key to driving your income!No experience is necessary, just a great attitude and a willingness to work with people and learn the industry!
2200586820	5th grade teacher - Davis Elementary.  Teacher will demonstrate mastery of the content area; ability to instruct students effectively and evaluate to determine instructional effectiveness; ability to modify instruction to help students become competent in the area(s) of weakness; work cooperatively with staff to insure comfortable and pleasant working environment; ability to and will relate positively with students, staff, parents and community; maintain professional competencies through continued learning.  Complete applications will include:  Evidence of college degree from accredited institution w/evidence of qualifications in chosen area of specialization; copy of Utah cert or letter of eligibility from the USOE in area of specialization and in which you seek employment; minimum of 3 letters of recommendation, one of which must be from a direct supervisor; undergraduate and graduate transcripts; completed teacher application and essay (maximum of one typewritten page) explaining clearly how you qualify for the position.  Salary per district schedule.  Position is open until filled with first review of applications, January 14, 2008.  Position is in Vernal, Utah.
2200586773	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586827	Work for a dynamic, growing local company.  Handle all aspects of Human Resources Administration including processing applications, new hire paperwork, and benefits information.  Applicant must have prior HR experience, comprehensive knowledge of computer applications and spreadsheets and the ability to work in a busy office environment.  Applicant must provided resume and professional references.  Pre employment drug screen required.
2200586822	Spanish fork employer is looking for qualified applicant to work in a production position. Qualified applicant will have a mechanical aptitude for production machines, experience with semi-automatic encapsulator, mixer, bottling equipment, and experience with measuring in metrics i.e. kilograms, milligrams, etc. Experience is helpful but willing to train. Nutritional supplement industry experience is helpful. Job duties will be: Operating an encapsulating machine, mixer and/or bottler. Understanding and using measurements to create product. Other duties may include general warehouse tasks. Wage will start around $9-$10 dollars per hour depending on experience.
2200586738	Retail part time sales and stock.  Men's Big & Tall clothing store.  25-30 hours per week, competitive wage and great employee discount program.
2200586798	Benefits: CIGNA Starbridge Mini-Med and Dental Plan, Seasonal Bonus, Weekly Ski pass. Department: Silver Star Description: Your attention to detail and respect for the owner's condominiums are welcome at Deer Valley Lodging. Your reliability and understanding of housekeeping procedures and tasks welcomes you to apply for this rewarding career opportunity.Your positive attitude and pride in making this resort the most comfortable place to stay will be noticed by all our visitors.Duties: Responsible for cleaning common areas, both inside and out of a 100 condo resort with an outdoor pool and spa area. Will be responsible for maintaining all garage areas. Also will help with units in rental, and their patios. Must be able to communicate in English to other departments or to the management. Also responsible for supplies and storage for housekeeping department. Also will assist housekeepers as needed.  Qualifications: Bilingual a plus, English required. Experience in cleaning, detail oriented person, must be able to lift 30 lbs. Must be able to work weekends and holidays.Must meet the company's pre-employment requirements.Must have a valid drivers license if you are required to drive for any of your job duties and meet and maintain the company's driver qualifications. PWDNET
2200586790	The IT technician will work either as a full-time or part-time employee (depending on candidate?s availability).  Candidate will work with the VP of Information Technology and other members of the IT department to maintain computer hardware, software, and other computer related tasks.  The position will start ASAP.  ***  Key Responsibilities ~ Setup office hardware, including computers, servers, printers, and network equipment ~ Maintain the network and resolve issues ~ Assist employees with computer-related issues ~ Perform other general IT duties  ***  Requirements ~ Basic knowledge of Windows XP and Server 2000 / 2003  ~ Basic knowledge of Windows networks ~ Experience troubleshooting hardware and network issues ~ Experience troubleshooting in a self-guiding fashion ~ Pursuing or completed a degree in computer science, networking, IT, or information systems.  ***  Compensation DOE Benefits Available for Full-time Tech
2200586800	Manual screen printer needed for small shop. Will train, but some experience is preferred. Pay will depend on experience.Experience should be in printing multiple colors on large orders with manual press in an effecient and timely manner. Must be aware of quality and take pride in work. Must be punctual, as production time is critical in some cases.Looking for someone that is motivated and interested in the screenprinting industry.
2200586801	Employer is interested in hiring a Certified Weld Inspector for it's Lindon, Utah location. Candidate will be responsible for the field inspection of welds including clear documentation and reporting. Candidate will be conducting  ultrasound and magnetic particle methodologies. He/she will also be required to travel for projects in various locations.  The ideal candidate will have a CWI License from the AWS. Candidate should be familiar with all aspects of steel inspection as well as paint,galvanizing and dimensional. We specialize in structural steel fabrication. We provide to all werstern states including Alaska and Canada. We offer opportunities and comprehensive benefits to include medical, dental, optical, and optional 401k. UIS is an equal opportunity employer.
2200586802	General knowledge in Big truck repairs for a small fleet to ensure that they are in proper operating condition. Prefer someone with own tools.  Prefer 6 months to a year experience.
2200586803	Employer has an immediate opening for a CDL truck driver. Successful applicant will possess a clean driving record and have previous experience.
2200586806	Share your creativity. Challenging position available demanding high quality and accuracy as a Structural Steel Detailer.  Duties include: Reviewing contract plans from various State Departments of Transportation and detail materials for fabrication using Autocad 02-06.  Must be able to read and understand blueprints/contract plans.  Multi-tasking abilities are required w/excellent organizational skills.  General computer knowledge. Associate?s or Bachelor?s degree preferred.
2200586782	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586783	Looking for experienced foreman that speak fluent English and Spanish that are willing to work 6 to 7 days week. Duties include loading trucks, greenhouse repairs, transplanting, moving plants, driving trucks and trailers.
2200586784	New Inbound Customer Service Project!! $8.00hr through training $9.00hr After with flexible schedules.  Hours of operation: M-S 7:00AM-7:00PMSun 9:00AM-5:00PM.  *M-F shifts available.PRIMARY DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS:?         Responsible for all customer inquiries and questions?         Provides new operational performance ideas and suggestions on a daily basis ?         Provides excellent customer service at all times?         Works with confidential customer information?         Enters data of prospective customers into various software programs?         Appropriately deals with irate and/or upset customers?         Participates in additional training courses when needed?         Thrives as a team player in a fast-paced, high-energy, change-oriented environment?         Performs other related duties and assignments as required and as assigned by supervisor or manager
2200586785	Busy Family Practice in Bountiful Looking for receptionsit with medical office experiance.
2200586786	Fun and rewarding work assisting people with mild disabilities in their home and in their community. Positions available in the Logan area. Pay rate is $8.00 per hour.   Must have own vehicle and valid Utah Driver's License with no more than two (2) minor driving violations in last 12 months (will require MVR).  Employer administers background checks and drug tests. Applicants must be at least 18 years of age to apply.  Hours are variable, 10+ per week.
2200586789	Housekeeper will be required to work 20 hours a week, monday thru friday, will perform various tasks cleaning a building of 50 rooms plus common areas.
2200586742	BOOKKEEPING Retail P/T 20-30 hrs a wk10-3. Saturday required. PO Receiving. Computer & Office Skills.
2200586752	Shunt Truck Driver.  This person will be loading and unloading trailers, and will be backing up 48' trailers to the different doors in the yard. Doesn't need to have a CDL drivers license but does need to have experience backing up trailers. Hours: 2:00pm-10:00 pm. M-F. Pay is up to $14 or $15 DOE.
2200586762	One of the leading meat production company in Utah needs an Accounts Payable Clerk who will be functioning as administration for the accounting department. This person will be in charge of the A/P and other accounting functions along with perform other general offices duties such as answering phones and helping with the receptionist area. Must have A/P experience, SAP is a plus, not required. This position requires a detailed and self motivated individual. Excellent career opportunity for the right person. Join a winning team and family. Immediate Opening!! Benefits offered.
2200586739	Social Services support staff. Will assist adults with Developmental Disabilities.  Graveyard and weekends and afternnon shifts avialiable.  Pay depends on exp and 100 sign on bonus after 30 days.
2200586808	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586810	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586828	Our logistics team is looking for an outgoing, detail oriented team member to work in a fast paced office!! Applicant would be working as a liason between our customers and our dispatch office, making calls to set up deliveries, and coordinating the information with our dipsatch.  Great customer service skills a must as well as basic computer skills, faxing, filing, scanning and other basic office responsibilites.
2200586963	A growing company in Provo, UT is looking for a payroll specialist for its corporate office. Job is responsible for processing all payroll functions for multiple related companies. Position is full-time and eligible for benefits. Payroll experience is preferred but not required. Need experience with Word, Excel, Outlook, and QuickBooks.  $25k-$30k DOE
2200586967	One of Sanpete County?s fastest growing metal building manufacturing plants and one of the county?s most successful companies is seeking quality individuals to join its workforce. Workers needed are Shop Helpers, Welders, Fitters, and Shop Equipment Operators to work in our quality work environment. We offer great Health Benefits, Competitive Wages, Quarterly Bonuses, and a Proven Rewards Program. If you are interested in making a career, and take pride in quality performance we want to hear from you. Starting wage is $8.00 to $12.00 per hour depending on skill level. Opened until filled.
2200586900	Great company with locations in Salt Lake and Ogden is seeking qualified detailers/drafters.  Competive benefits and salary.  If you have experience in Auto cad or Microstation and like working with a variety of people this is the job for you.  We are looking for someone with a good understanding of math and equations, proficient with computers and an understanding of construction in both terminology and how things are built.  Good communication skills a plus.  Training will be done at our Salt Lake facility but may work out of Ogden if desired after completion of training.
2200586799	Employment Specialist needed for Cedar City area to work with individuals with various disabilities in finding and maintaining employment. Work includes resume development, job searching, contacting employers, interview preperation and on the job training. Some experience working with people with disabilities preferred. Associates degree preferred. Applicants must have own vehicle and valid driver's license to transport clients. Pre employment background check and drug screen will be done. This is a part time position with flexible hours.
2200586804	Work includes assembling sign structure components such as base plates, connection plates, pipe splice joints, angle splices, truss structures, bridge mounts and connections per shop drawings.  Complete understanding of shop drawings (blueprints) with w/ material specifications and grades is required.  Some components will require simple mathematical calculations in order to fit components per shop drawings.  Weld types are both full penetration and fillets.  Carbon arc gouging and grinding is also required to complete welds and perform repairs to meet requirements.  Welder must understand weld symbols and weld procedures as well as be capable of making machine adjustments to conform with weld procedures.  Must be able to pass 3G welding test and be able to read blueprints.
2200586947	WE ARE LOOKING FOR 1 MOTIVATED OUTSIDE SALES REPRESENTITIVE FOR RESIDENDIAL DISH NETWORK SATELLITE.(YOU WILL START BY GOING DOOR TO DOOR). YOUR PAY SCALE WILL BE $100.00 PER SALE REGAURDLESS OF HAVE MANY RECEIVERS ARE ACTIVATED. WE DO NOT CHARGE BACK OUR SALES PEOPLE FOR CUSTOMERS THAT DISCONNECT EARLY!!!.AS DO OTHER SATELLITE COMPANIES. THIS IS A GREAT JOB FOR PEOPLE WITH THE RIGHT SKILLS. I KNOW LONGER HAVE TIME TO DO THIS MYSELF. YOU CAN DO IT PART TIME OR FULL TIME.  YOU SHOULD BE FAMILARE WITH DISH NETWORK PROMOTIONIONS.WE WOULD BE WILLING TO TRAIN THE WRITE INDIVIUAL IF NECESSARY,MUST BE PROFESSIONAL AND DEPENDABLE.
2200587087	Experienced over the road truck driver with Class A CDL, at least 3 years verifiable experience, a clean driving record, pass a driving test, drug test and know how to keep a legal log book. We run new Peterbilt tractors and pull refrigerated trailers. Starting wage depends on experience. (No pets allowed in trucks)
2200586930	will be responsible for the upkeep and cleanliness of restrooms and common eating areas. will also be needed for spill cleanup.
2200586747	DUTIES/SKILLS:Assists with monitoring clients in a residential treatment facility; assist with team approach treatment for clients who have addictions and are working towards recovery along with their children; assist professional staff in support services, educational instruction/support, clinical intervention, and skills development.  Experience working with persons with addictions a plus.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:High school graduate or equivalent; 21 years or older.  Required to complete mandatory trainings (CPR, First Aid, MANDT and Defensive Driving ? all offered through the agency).
2200586805	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586807	Employer is needing skilled tech support reps for inbound calls.We are hiring for Inbound Technical Support RepresentativesThe pay is 9.50hr - through training 11.00hr - After trainingTraining Class starts Monday 1-21-08 Training is M-F 6am to 2:30pm For 8 weeks Experience needed:?6 months call center experience or customer service experience?Enjoy working with computers?Have rebuilt or replaced any hardware on your own computer.?Have replaced any major software on your own computer?Ability to follow set Policies and procedures?Capable of trouble shooting complex issues?Desire to become A+ certified?Able to learn quickly and adapted to change?Have a Basic computer understandingIf you are already A+ Certified get $1000 Sign on Bonus.
2200586965	General knowledge in Big truck repairs for a small fleet to ensure that they are in proper operating condition. Prefer someone with own tools.  Prefer 6 months to a year experience.
2200586968	looking for reliable. hard workers. i have a few clean up construction jobs here in PROVO. must have boots,and gloves. great pay. call today..start tomorrow!!
2200587040	Local new development construction company needs an experienced diesel mechanic with leadership skills. Will need to run the shop directing other mechanics. Great opportunity with good benefits working in laid back enviornment but with direction. Person needs   to service trucks, back-hoes, front loader, and other heavy equipment. Will be working on transmissions, engines, hydraulics, etc. Will also do preventative maintenance. Must have diesel and leadership experience required.
2200587044	Specialty Building Company needs a Customer service rep for inside sales dept. Assist Customer service rep for inside sales dept. Assist customers, take orders, enter sales in POS system, stock merchandise of store, answer phones, greet visitors, handle mail, general office duties and provide clerical support to store manager. Must have good comm skills, proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook, and have HS diploma. Lifting up to 25 lbs a few times each day.Shift:8am-5pm M-F The career opportunity and advancement!!
2200586878	Currently seeking a personable, professional, detail oreintated, and organized assistant. This person will meet and greet some high level clients and must have great customer services skills and a professional apperance. We're also looking for someone that is computer savy and profeciant with some commonly used computer programs. This is only a 4 month assignment and would be perfect for a student taking the semester off or someone that has a little extra time on there hands. *background in accouting is a big bonus*Bilingual (Spanish) also helpful
2200586920	Want experience in a dynamic industry?  A fantastic missile company is looking for willing technicians to expedite government and private contracts.  Aircraft Technicians are needed to train on all aspects of aerospace production, including machine operation, warehouse maintenance and parts crafting.  The most successful candidates have a high school diploma (with college degrees primarily considered), have excellent math and problem solving skills, and are precise in their work.
2200586943	Pallet plant located about 12 miles west of Ogden is looking for a laborer to help load wood into a pallet building machine.  Some lifting will be required.  Experience is not nessicary, we will train.
2200587103	Over the road driver.  Haul dry ice bins to and from plants in Martinez California, Portland Oregon, and Salt Lake City.  This is a set weekly run.  Able to load and unload bins using forklifts and pallet jacks, we will train.
2200586914	A wonderful natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking product blenders to process vendor orders in their fast-paced warehouse.  Have a high attention to detail and enjoy working with machinery?  Picture this!Blenders are needed to weigh raw products to specifications, refining the materials to prepare for final production.  The most successful candidates are precise in their measuring skills, are comfortable with lifting 50-70 lbs. consistently, and are clean in appearance.
2200586907	A premier precision metal casting company is looking for attendants to assist in their wax molding preparations.  Interested in steady workload and consistent workdays?  This opportunity is for you!Attendants are needed to set up molds to specifications for parts production.  The most successful candidates have a great work ethic, are able to lift between 40-50 lbs., and are precise in their work.
2200587158	Summary:Analyze commercial real estate and economic data for all markets in which NAI Utah operates.  Produce quarterly market reports for publication.  Support brokers and clients with multiple, daily, on-demand analyses.  Assist Director of Research with special Research Department projects as needed.Key Responsibilities:?Complete quarterly market reports and develop sound, automated statistical tools that eliminate human error?Continuously search for ways to improve Research Department SOPs and ASTRO database?Become ASTRO database expert?Design process improvements that produce the most efficient and effective Research Department possible?Conduct regular ASTRO and analytics training meetings in Research Department and throughout brokerage, ensuring effective communication of process and analytics improvements, travel to conduct off-site training in other offices may be requiredQualifications & Education:?Bachelors Degree in Statistics, Business, or other quantitative focus, MSTAT or MBA with quantitative focus preferred?Minimum of two years of data analysis experience post Bachelors Degree?Expert in Excel, other Microsoft programs, and databases?Proven ability to mine and analyze data from databases?Proven ability to independently analyze and make conclusions and predictions from sets of data, including basic statistics and multiple regression in Excel?Detail-oriented?Service-oriented?Excellent communication skills
2200587159	Under minimal supervision, incumbents independently prepare and process a variety of accounting documents and transactions, and maintain accounts.  Accounting activities may include accounts payable, accounts receivable, collections, revenues, taxes, audit research and other related accounting tasks.  Job duties support professional, staff, such as accountants, budget officers, and auditors.  Other duties include reviewing documents for completeness and accuracy, performing adjustments to data and accounts, preparing reports, and creating, filing and retrieving files.
2200587161	General Manufacturing Labor
2200586741	Hydroelectric Manager GE Engergy will perform job mgmt for Hydro Power Generation repairs and technical direction of in-shop and on site repairs.  BS Engineering or 5-10 yrs hydro technical exp. desired.  Strong written and verbal communications kills,a bility to coordinate with customers filed engineers and account managers.  Computer knowledge and be willing to travel.
2200587113	Immediate opening for a three quarter-time Prevention Specialist in our Substance Abuse and Violence Prevention Program. REsponsibilities include small group facilitation and classroom teaching in elementary and junior high school-based projects, in-home parent training, program development, evaluation, and outreach. Requires a master's degree in a related feild, current enrollment in a relevant graduate program, or bachelor's degree with equivalent related work experience. Bilingual preferred, Pro-Rated Benefits
2200586917	Want the advancement you deserve?  Incredible opportunities are now available for experienced encapsulation machine operators in Davis County!  Mid-level encapsulation machine operator will perform the following tasks: configuring and adjusting machines, weighing finished products using an industrial scale, and assisting the Quality Specialists in reporting accuracies and deficiencies in production.  The most successful candidates have experience in the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical industries with 1-2 years consistent experience in encapsulation machine operation.Receive a better opportunity!
2200586919	Springville Employer is seeking full time Receptionist. Duties include but not limited too: Greets visitors, handles incoming calls and performs general administrative duties. Also may assist other administrative staff with overflow work, including word processing, data entry. Bilingual Spanish is helpful but not required. Looking to fill position ASAP.
2200586756	Shunt Truck Driver.  This person will be loading and unloading trailers, and will be backing up 48' trailers to the different doors in the yard. Doesn't need to have a CDL drivers license but does need to have experience backing up trailers. Hours: 2:00pm-10:00 pm. M-F. Pay is up to $14 or $15 DOE.
2200586830	Our logistics team is looking for an outgoing, detail oriented team member to work in a fast paced office!! Applicant would be working as a liason between our customers and our dispatch office, making calls to set up deliveries, and coordinating the information with our dipsatch.  Great customer service skills a must as well as basic computer skills, faxing, filing, scanning and other basic office responsibilites.
2200586925	will be responsible for cleaning resident rooms and cafeteria in an elderly rehabilitation center. Vacuuming, dusting, cleaning restrooms and emptying trash, etc.
2200586941	We need a full time (30 to 40 hrs per week) to deliver flowers in our vehicles and do miscellaneous jobs in the shop. The jobs in the shop include taking out garbage, processing flowers, and general clean up. Floral delivery experience is helpful but not required. Must know the city well, be at least 21 years old and have a clean driving record. A copy of your MVR will be required when coming in to fill out employment application. The schedule would be Monday thru Saturdays with a weekday off and every other Saturday off. The benefits that are available after the waiting periods have been met are dental, life and health insurance, 401K retirement plan, vacation pay and some paid holidays.
2200587039	Local new development construction company needs an experienced diesel mechanic with leadership skills. Will need to run the shop directing other mechanics. Great opportunity with good benefits working in laid back enviornment but with direction. Person needs   to service trucks, back-hoes, front loader, and other heavy equipment. Will be working on transmissions, engines, hydraulics, etc. Will also do preventative maintenance. Must have diesel and leadership experience required.
2200587192	Required to set up and operate major machining equiopment including lathes, drills and numerical control machine; interpret blue prints/drawings; verify and accurately report on quality and quantity of work performed; maintain a clean and organized work area. This is a journeyman level position requiring commensurate training and experience. Qualified candidates will possess at least four years of experience operating NC/CNC lathes, mills, machining centers, and conventional machines. Machinist must be able to do own set-ups, edit tapes when necessary, have own tools, and be available to do shift work.
2200587075	P/T Bookkeeper needed for small trucking and engineering companies in Orem.Duties include: A/R, A/P, invoicing, running reports, month end, bank reconciliations, basic payroll, and light collections.  Also answering phones, running errands and all general office duties.Some previous experience in accounting, and experience with QuickBooks and Excel desired.  Need someone who is organized and dependable.4 hours per day, Mon-Fri mornings or afternoons.  Pay $10 - $13/HR, DOE.
2200587115	Telemarketing for local insurance agency, gatherinag information over the phone from potential customers for insurance quotes, light office duties as required.Must have good telephone communication skills; be organized; able to work independently with minimum supervision.Hours:  Part Time, Flexible Hours
2200587153	Entering orders, answering phones, working directly with customers. Computer literate, the ability to multi-task andgreat phone skills required.
2200587154	Load cabinets and appliances on trailer, deliver and unloading trailer, quality control of items loaded onto trailer, tracking items delivered, need to be able to read tape measure, read parts list, some driving of box truck, deliveries local and to Jackson Hole, must be presentable to public, able to lift and move 100 lbs, must have clean driving record, must be able to back 22 ft trailers.
2200587077	Accurately pull and complete orders.  Assemble orders in compliance with country regulations.  Prepare shipments, including weighing pallets, shrink wrapping and banding.  Label materials as appropriate for order and country requirements.  Performs final quality check to ensure the order was pulled accurately.  Load trucks/containers with finished orders.  Maintain clean and clutter free work area.  Other duties as assigned.  Strong math skills.  Strong customer service skills.  Must be organized and very detail oriented.  Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.  Forklift certified or ability to become OSHA forklift certified.  Ability to follow written and verbal instructions.  Ability to work well in a team environment as well as independently with little supervision.
2200587079	Local medical company is looking for someone who can post payments and understand EoB, explanation of benefits. Mostly someone who likes data entry, type 8,000 ksh, and 40 wpm. be computer literate and any medical experience a plus. Project will last 12 weeks, but could go permanent if job well done.
2200587082	framing and finish carpentry work
2200587086	Deductions ClerkCompany: IdeaSphere inc.Learn more about this company >>View all jobs at this company >>Click here to Navigate to the Company web site.DescriptionIdeaSphere inc, the manufacturer and distributor of over 500 products related to health and wellness is seeking a Deductions Clerk to work from our American Fork, UT facility.2-3 years experience in deduction analysis required. Candidate will be responsible for identifying, researching and determining the validity of customer chargebacks. Chargeback issues include but are not limited to shortages, reclamations, pricing discrepancies, trade spend, and vendor fines.RequirementsCandidates should possess superior analytic and time management skills. The position requires the ability to prioritize assignments in order to meet monthly deadlines. Candidates should have strong verbal and written communication skills, and excellent follow up skills. Working knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Outlook is essential. Prior SAP experience is a plus.CareerBuilder Keywords: Accounting, finance, retail, health, wellness, nutraceutical, vitamin, supplement, sports nutrition, analysis, analytical, accounting, debit, credit, finance.
2200587150	Employer is a non-profit organization that provides support services to children and adults with developmental and other disabilities, children with mental health challenges, and aging adults. Our purpose is to create opportunities for and with the people we serve and with the men and women who have chosen to work in this field.We have a network of hundreds of Direct Support Professionals working with people with disabilities and their families to help create and sustain the life they want to live. This includes people supporting people in their daily living, providing companionship, foster parenting, accompanying to community events, teaching skills, and much more. People receive support from a few hours a month to 24 hours a day. Our team also includes outstanding specialists who provide support with behavior, mental health, speech and communication, counseling, physical therapy, occupational therapy, and medical needs.  Employer is seeking a Full-time Bi-Lingual (English and Spanish) Receptionist for our Orem office.Requirements:?Detail oriented.?Organizational skills.?Experience with:oMicrosoft Office Suite (Excel, Word and Outlook)oMulti-line phone system, fax and copy machines.Employer offers an excellent compensation and benefits package, which includes health, life and dental insurance, paid vacation and holidays as well as a 403b retirement plan. equal opportunity employer.
2200586926	Windows Systems/Network Administrator Immediate opening for an experienced Network Systems Administrator. Must have hands on experience with the following. Proficient with all Microsoft Servers. Installation of Hardware Installation, of Server OS, Configuration & Optimization of Servers, Symantec EndPoint Protection, Symantec Multi-Tier Protection, Symantec Backup Exec 11D, CiscoVPN Support using Remote Desktop & VNC, Advanced IP Skills, Monitoring System & Network LAN/WAN, Firewalls (Hardware & Software) Self-Motivated with attention to detail, Generate complete documentation MS Exchange, MS Domain Management Candidate should be proficient at installation, implementation and troubleshooting Windows Servers and Exchange Server and in following security best practices
2200587156	Front desk. Answering phones, filing, filling out paperwork, helping customers, placing orders. Will learn about floor covering and how to assist a customer with their floor covering needs. Will get 12 to 18 hours per week.
2200586754	We are looking for a reliable, experienced warehouse worker with excellent communication, organizational skills, ability to follow instructions, and is self-motivated. This job involves heavy lifting, forklift operation, shipping and receiving, stocking, pulling of customers orders, and light paperwork. Mon-Fri with the possibility of working some overtime. We offer medical and dental benefits after 90 days, some paid holidays, and paid vacation after 1 year. Pay is based on experience and is negotiable.
2200586765	Assisting people with mild disabilities in their home or place of employment. Positions available in American Fork and Spanish Fork. Pay rate is $8.00 per hour.   Must have own vehicle and valid Utah Driver's License with no more than two (2) minor driving violations in last 12 months (will require MVR).  Employer administers background checks and drug tests. Applicants must be at least 18 years of age to apply.  Hours are variable and flexible, 15-20+ per week.
2200586793	company looking for a dependable and self-driven individual to fill landscape supervisor position. In addition to supervising landscape workers during maintenance routes and landscape projects, person will have opportunities to be directly involved in developing processes, procedures, and strategic plans for business. Prefer an individual who is well versed in all aspects of the landscaping and lawn maintenance business but willing to train a person who may only be familiar with certain aspects. Must love working with people, can adjust to pressures of meeting deadlines, and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Starting pay is dependant upon skill and experience. Looking at between $12.00 to $18.00 per hour as starting pay with incentive and year-end bonus plan. Candidate will be given a skills test and must be willing to have a background check performed. Must be familiar with our address grid system, have a good and valid driver?s license, and have own transportation. Bi-lingual is a plus and increases starting pay.
2200586890	Salt Lake area employer.  Will be operating semi-automatic screen printing equipment.   No experience required employer is willing to train.  Full time position working Monday through Friday 7 am to 3:30 pm.  Wage ranges from $8.00 to $12.50 per hour.  Benefits include holidays, vacation and health insurance.
2200586903	Tutor needed to help our 5th grade daughter afternoons for 2-3 hours with reading, writing and spelling skills.  Also may help with some reading/writing or spelling based homework.  Ideally, the tutoring would happen in our home, located in Lehi.  This could be a long term part time job.
2200587052	Production Job working swing shift. Must be able to lift 50-70 pounds, have a high school diploma or GED, and able to speak and read English. Must be reliable and hard working.
2200587059	Local staffing services is looking for General Construction Laborers to work in Weber, Davis county area. Position requires reliable transportation to work sites. Wage depends on experience. Job is through staffing service and no fees to applicant. WE PAY DAILY!!!!
2200587231	?Understand U.S. export laws as defined in the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the Export Administration Regulations. -Comprehend blueprints and other technical data in print form.?Disseminate guidance and direction on export compliance requirements. ?Research and assign export control classification designators.?Audit sales collected export documentation.?Assist with strategy and fact finding to reconcile export issues and develop enterprise guidance to drive consistency.?Assist in communication and publication of regulatory and enterprise guidance.?Assist in the maintenance of export data in the company System.?Support the proper filing of Automated Export Systems documents and the use of proper Harmonized Tariff Schedule Numbers United States.?Obtain required export documentation from customers. ?Serve as interface and external spokesperson on export compliance related matters.
2200586879	Part-Time Warehouse worker for School Foods Services, 5 - 10 hours per week, $10.00/hour.  Must be able to pull freight; put freight away; clean warehouse; operate fork-lift; yard work; other tasks as assigned by supervisor.  Must have current Utah Driver's license; able to operate a fork-lift; be accommodating, cordial and polite to fellow workers and have the ability to get along with others; be able to lift 50 pounds.   Deadline for application is January 16, 2008.
2200586932	will be cleaning as an individual. mopping,sweeping,vacuuming,dusting,cleaning restrooms and emptying trash. must be very detail orientated, will need to be a very self-motivated worker.
2200587050	Our placement company is now hiring for a local door manufacturer in the Salt Lake City area.  This company makes accordion style fire doors worldwide.  At this time they are interested in hiring an experienced receiving lead.  Candidates will have background in receiving with lead experience.  This candidate will have strong computer skills, inventory, RF scanner, and forklift experience, and be able to lift up to 75 lbs.  This position is a day shift starting at 6:00am to 3:30 pm and pays between $12-$14/hr. depending on  experience and skill.
2200587140	Great opportunity to work with a career oriented company that has plenty of room for growth with an excellent benefit package!. Working in a production environment in the rubber finishing department, sanding excess rubber off.  Skills needed: good dexterity and near vision; this is an very entry level position and only need some production line experience.
2200587207	I am looking for a go getter, friendly personality, willing to help customers, very flexable. Able to check in/out customers, quick learner. Need a long term worker, busy season is getting closer so need to train soon. Needs a full and part time person, part time will turn to full time in the summer time.
2200587208	Surface plate set up and lay out for precision inspection; intricate castings forging, machined and sheet metal parts. Operating precision measuring equipment; specifically a CMM. Dealing with mainly metal materials, but some plastics. Responsible for doing daily, weekly reports that calculate the product that passes inspection aned those that don't and why, in detail. Must be able to use complex and non-complex mechanical and electrical equipment incuding CMM.
2200587228	No Experience Needed. Must be friendly, outgoing, and a fast learner. Job duties include taking payments and accepting loan applications.  Must be able to work Saturdays.
2200587229	No Experience Needed. Must be friendly, outgoing, and a fast learner. Job duties include taking payments and accepting loan applications.  Must be able to work Saturdays.
2200587253	No Experience Needed. Must be friendly, outgoing, and a fast learner. Job duties include taking payments and accepting loan applications.  Must be able to work Saturdays.
2200587095	Employer is currently seeking a Drafter who is fluent in Solid works. If you are looking for a fresh start, with opportunity for advancement, look no further!Company has 120 manufacturing sites distributed all over the world and its own sales companies in 70 countries. company is also represented in 140 countries through some 15,000 distributors and dealers.Employer is a Manufacturer and supplier of hydraulic/pneumatic seals and packing used in the fluid power equipment markets.We are seeking a Mechanical Drafter who takes pride in their work and is able to manage multiple projects at once. Responsibilities include creating and maintaining mold drawings; troubleshooting existing designs; working with various departments to improve on design and processes; light data entry. Must be fluent in Solid works.Mechanical drafting, injection molding or machining background helpful, but not required. A Degree is also not required, however, if you are interested in pursuing an education, we can help (i.e.: flexible schedule & tuition reimbursement).We are offering $16.00-$18.00+ DOE plus a full benefits package including: Holiday, Sick & Vacation Pay, Life, Medical & Dental Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement, 401K, Health & Wellness programs.
2200586889	Inside or Outside Sale Person. Must have restuarant experience. Would be required to sale restuarant equipment. Commission or salarie. Must have some knowledge of computers. Auto quotes, or Auto cad is preferred.
2200586893	It is suggested that the employee has basic knowledge in the following areas: Electrical, plumbing, carpentry, auto repair, fork lift repair, tile, carpet, ceramic tile, refrigeration, gas, gas appliance, cement repair, ect...
2200587051	Heavy labor: Excellent work opportunity. Full time temporary positions. Willing to work 12 hour rotating shifts, will include weekends and holidays if they fall on your work schedule. 12 hour shifts, every other weekend off. Work 15 days a month and still average a 40 hour week. Must be able to lift 50+ pounds on a steady basis. Have reliable transportation and have steel toed boots. Pays $11.00 per hour on day shift. $11.60 per hour on night shift.
2200587053	 We are hiring a Teller in the Alpine Branch. Will assist customers with deposits, withdrawals & loan payments. Post transactions to customer accounts, balances cash drawer & daily transactions. Excellent customer service skills, good computer & ten key skills, ability to work independently. 6-mo cash handling experience preferred. PT, M,W,F 2-6,  T,TH 12-6,  Sat 8:15-1.
2200587055	PT M-F 15-25 hours/week9 AM ? 2 PM Pay $8-9/hour DOEQualifications: Excellent phone etiquette, detail oriented, quality filing skills, general office skills: faxing, emailing, organizingBasic bookkeeping helpful
2200586877	Assist people with disabilities in maintaining employment. Learn the individual?s job duties side-by-side and assist in the learning process. Help make accommodations and act as an advocate for the individual. Must feel comfortable acting as a mediator between the individual and managers, coworkers, etc. A desire to work with people with disabilities and/or experience in the field is necessary. Must be able to display a high level of professionalism. Proficiency in Microsoft Word desired. Will need reliable transportation.
2200586918	Want the advancement you deserve?  Incredible opportunities are now available for experienced encapsulation machine operators in Davis County!  Mid-level encapsulation machine operator will perform the following tasks: configuring and adjusting machines, weighing finished products using an industrial scale, and assisting the Quality Specialists in reporting accuracies and deficiencies in production.  The most successful candidates have experience in the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical industries with 1-2 years consistent experience in encapsulation machine operation.Receive a better opportunity!
2200586928	Over the road flatbed drivers wanted. Driving new tractors and Pulling new trailers. Clean MVR. Home every 2 days and weekends. Paid vacation and Holidays, medical reimbursement plans. Pay based off experience. Must have Hazmant endorsement on License. Great pay. You could make 50,000 + a year
2200586929	Employer provides in home sales and service to companies growing base of "do it for me" customers. Our services include a full line of replacement windows, siding, roofing, and gutter products and installation services. Company brings the every day value and uncompromising customer service that has made the company so successful right in to the customer?s home. We are now accepting applications for Outside Sales Consultants to generate leads, conduct sales presentations in the home and accurately measure and price product. Previous experience in home improvement sales, financial sales or self-employment a plus but not required. You?ll also attend and participate in sales meetings, training sessions, territory and branch meetings. You will also be completing relevant paperwork accurately and in a timely manner and continually updating your product and market knowledge. Don?t miss this phenomenal opportunity to earn an unlimited income with the world?s largest home improvement retailer!
2200586937	Price Auto Dealership. Seeking trained and certified Technicians. Factory training,and ASE Certification is a plus. Will be servicing  Ford and Chrysler Automobiles as well as other makes and models. Experience prefered. Pay depends on experience (flat rate hour). Bonus plan, medical, and 401k. Hourly wage negotiable. Will work Monday - Friday with some Saturdays. Open until filled.
2200586939	Local Employer has immediate opening for a full/part time Packager/Driver. Duties will include reading invoices and filling donut orders to be placed in boxes. Once donuts are placed in boxes, employee will delivery donuts to different establishments throughout the Ogden and Salt Lake City area. Employee will be provided with delivery truck. Requirements: Valid Utah drivers license, clean motor vehicle record and dependable transportation to the work site. Wage will depend upon experience. Will work independently without supervision. Employer has attendance policy and is flexible with work hours. Business is open Sunday - Friday
2200586952	Description:Employers legal team covers a broad range of legal aspects. This paralegal will assist two of our attorneys. Someone that is very detail oriented and has a strong aptitude for organization, writing, and research is a plus.Functions:- Investigates issues and assists attorneys in preparation of legal documents.- Prepares first draft contracts, licenses, etc.- Maintains file system for legal documentation- Provides other administrative support as needed.Qualifications:- Bachelors degree in related field or associates in paralegal studies.- 2+ years of paralegal or legal assistant work- Excellent writing skills- Detail Oriented- Good with clients and internal employees- Strong computer skills
2200586964	DUTIES INCLUDE:Requests information available from state and federal UCJIS system relating to wanted persons, driver?s licence checks, motor vehicle checks, warrants, and protective orders.  Calltaker: Equivalent to a high school diploma plus six months customer service experience.Dispatcher I:  Equivalent to a high school diploma plus twelve (12) months experience as a Call Taker with Utah County Sheriff?s Office or similar law enforcement agency.  Dispatcher II:  Equivalent to a high school diploma plus twelve (12) months experience as a Call Taker with Utah County Sheriff?s Office or similar law enforcement agency AND twelve (12) months experience as a Dispatcher I with Utah County Sheriff?s Office or similar law enforcement agency.  Must pass typing test at or above the rate of 40 WPM net.  Selected applicants are subject to, and must pass, a full background check.  Applicants receiving a conditional offer of employment will be required to show an original social security card and submit to a pre-employment drug screen and additional background checks as required.
2200587037	Chairside assisting, sterilization, take x-rays, etc.
2200587038	Local new development construction company needs an experienced diesel mechanic with leadership skills. Will need to run the shop directing other mechanics. Great opportunity with good benefits working in laid back enviornment but with direction. Person needs   to service trucks, back-hoes, front loader, and other heavy equipment. Will be working on transmissions, engines, hydraulics, etc. Will also do preventative maintenance. Must have diesel and leadership experience required.
2200587078	Greet Customers and Estimate Customer Vehicles for Autobody & Paint.  Answer Phones. Complete Paperwork for Estimates, Repair Orders, Invoices, Reports, etc. Order and Sign for Parts, Returns, etc.  Occasionally Help Detail Vehciles and Run Errands. Basic Computer Skills Required. Some Knowledge of Vehicles and  Customer Service Skills Important. Sales Experience Helpful, but Will Train.Wage Starts as Hourly, But COMMISSION WILL BE ADDED AS KNOWLEDGE AND LEVEL OF ASSISTANCE ARE NOTED.  JOB HAS POTENTIAL TO MOVE UP TO MANAGEMENT. Must be 21 for Insurance.
2200587142	This is a six month position, could become permanent-no guarantees! Job Description: This person would help with Labor distribution and Overhead Finance. Activities would include but not limited to maintaining proper labor distribution, suspended labor notification, filing, copying, expense justification and assisting other Finance personnel as needed. Task include: Authorization Schedule Updates Update Fringe Rates Copy items for Auditors Print TA screens for Reconciliation's Barcode Labor Kick-Outs Direct Labor Kick-Outs, run cleanup Pickup Reports from Data Center Enter Weekly Rates, 29c Unlock employee timecards Filling / Archiving Work Order Input Other miscellaneous activities. Prefer a candidate that is about to graduate from College or is a recent graduate. Must have High School Diploma/GED. Schedule: 7:00am-4:45pm Mon-Thurs. 7:00am-3:45pm every other Friday (mandatory overtime)
2200586902	Employer is looking for Independent Auto Dealer Sales Specialist candidates to become a part of our sales team. Job Objective:The primary responsibility is to be part of a telesales/outbound calling team, aggressively selling company/DealerTrack products to our growing Independent Dealer customer base.?Responsible for selling  Dealertrack F&I network to Independent (Used Car) dealerships.?Call prospects with the express goal of enrolling a targeted number of Independent dealers in products.?Work with Independent dealership decision makers to demonstrate products and close sales opportunities from a remote location.?Establishing rapport/maintaining current customer accounts.?Quoting prices, preparing sales orders for computer hardware and ancillary premium products for new and existing customers.?Qualifying customer leads for DealerTrack's  DMS software installation.?Other day-to-day tasks.Skills and Qualifications: ?At least 1 year of related experience in inside sales or DMS sales.?Experience selling to the Independent market preferred.?Ability to develop strong relationships over the phone.?Excellent verbal communication/written communication skills are a must.?Must be highly organized and self motivated.?Above-average computer/internet skills ?Some travel may be required.?Must be able to work well under pressure?Previous sales experience a plus
2200586910	DUTIES/SKILLS:Provide diagnostic assessment and clinical evaluation or education/case management of substance abuse offenders referred to the Weber Adult Felony Drug Court program.  Provide evidenced-based individual/family/group therapy addressing substance abuse.  Must maintain clinical documentation as required by agency standards and or contract.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Graduation from college or university in social, sociology, psychology or related field.  LSAC experience (5+ years required).
2200586915	A wonderful natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking product blenders to process vendor orders in their fast-paced warehouse.  Have a high attention to detail and enjoy working with machinery?  Picture this!Blenders are needed to weigh raw products to specifications, refining the materials to prepare for final production.  The most successful candidates are precise in their measuring skills, are comfortable with lifting 50-70 lbs. consistently, and are clean in appearance.
2200586894	We need someone who is honest and dependable to work in our Sandy office between 9:00 and 5:00 Monday through Friday and possibly work a few Saturdays. Primary duties will be: customer service, data entry and sales scheduling. We need someone who knows how to solve problems and can run farely self sufficiently.
2200586951	Utah County construction company is looking for aperson with strong communication, phone and computer skills.  Duties include word-processing, data entry and other office duties as requested.
2200587141	PRIMARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Required to maintain proper inventory levels that are consistent with Division goals and Customer demand.  Purchase product, ensuring highest quality and competitive pricing.  Reviews and maintains daily stock status report.  Responsible for timely delivery of product.  Communication and interaction with all levels of sales personnel.  Vendor/broker order placement.  Pricing and confirmation of product.  Reviews all major reports to ensure proactive inventory levels.  Work with Category Managers, sales team and manufacturer/brokers to assist in category growth.  Responsible for removing dead inventory based on current reserves.  QUALIFICATIONS INCLUDE:  Professional attitude and appearance.  Knowledge of purchasing systems functions.  Proven written and oral communication skills.  Requires specific product knowledge and application of Dry grocery items.  Must be able to work independently, be organized, self-disciplined, complete job functions in a timely manner, set and accomplish goals.  A minimum of 2 years previous purchasing experience and knowledge of the procurement process REQUIRED.  Bachelors degree preferred or equivalent purchasing experience.
2200587149	Experienced or willing to learn custom distressing and finish sanding of cabinet doors and parts. Need to be quality and detail concious, dependable, need to be able to read a tape measure accurately, read door list and willing to work.
2200586880	Ahead of warehouse operations for Standard Restaurant Supply Salt Lake Location. Responsible for warehouse, shipping, receiving and organization. Responsible for product from the time it is received to the time it is sold. Job will require management experience, organization skills and a 'Can Do' attitude. Compensation will range from $35,000.00 to $50,000.00 per year depending on experience.
2200586892	Work for a dynamic, growing local company.  Applicant will handle all aspects or bookeeping inlcuding accounts payable, accounts revceivable, invoicing, billing, etc.  Applicant must have bookeeping experience and experience with accounting software. Resume and professional references required. Applicant must pass pre employment drug screen.
2200587088	Assist in the installation, modification, repair and preventive maintenance on all carrier, voice, data and video telecommunications equipment and related systems (i.e., microwave, radio, fiber, telephone, telemetry, satellite, security, data and video) in an eight state region; assist technicians to ensure that telecommunication systems and equipment are in an operationally performing condition; assist senior technicians in repairing trouble reports related to all of the above systems; will be primarily responsible for field and bench mobile radio repair; other work may include the installation of electrical conduit and wire, digging trenches, delivering equipment, accompanying repair personnel to repair sites, installing waveguide and antennas on towers, and installing telephones;  perform work at industry and QGC standards, and mobile records and documentation is completed in the same manner; under direct supervision, works on assignments that are routine in nature and require a basic level of expertise, and perform other duties as assigned.
2200587097	An Electronic Manufacturing Services Company is looking for a Customer Services Technician.  The company manufactures electronics products, on automotive computing, consumer digital, industrial, infrastructure, medical and mobile OEMs  Will be solving technical issues for customers. Will need one year of customer service/retail experience preferred, technical aptitude with electronics, knowledge of computers using windows, high school diploma or equivalent required and an ability to retail hours.
2200587104	Cook position in 32 bed assisted living facility.  Competetive wages.  Our residents appreciate high quality homestyle meals.  Great atmosphere!
2200587094	We need a loving responsible adult to watch students during lunch recess and clean up lunch room after students leave for class.
2200587105	CUSTOMER SERVICE, COLLECTION CALLING, ABILITY TO READ CREDIT REPORTS, BASIC OFFICE FUNCTIONS REQUIRED.
2200586913	A Sandy employer is looking for Servers and Host(ess)
2200587098	CNA position in assisted living with dementia unit.  Competitive wages plus bonuses for responsible employees.  Great atmosphere!  Great job for those who meet our high CNA standards.  Many of our shifts are 12 hour shifts which add flexibility to schedules.  Must be CNA certified within 4 months of hire date.
2200587128	Duties include being able to use a straight stitch & hemming sewing machine.  Applicant will be hemming pants, sewing emblems on uniforms and other general sewing duties.  Must be able to read and understand information on written job orders and do basic computer scanning to complete orders.  Other duties in stockroom may also be performed as needs arise.
2200587129	A Salt Lake City-based online retailer is seeking a Marketing Coordinator to be responsible for managing the Cars Department mail campaigns.The ideal candidate must be creative, a good communicator, a team player. Must also be hard-working, honest and dependable. The ideal candidate will have experience in marketing and/or a college degree in marketing or a related field.
2200587131	Our large global drilling facility is currently in need of 4 qualified CNC Machinist/Programmer. Two candidates to work on day shift and two candidates to work on night shift we will be paying DOE $20-24 an hour and our position is open immediately. Ideal candidates will have previous CNC lathe and 5 Axis Mill machining experience and should be able to program as well. With knowledge in Auto Cad, Pro E, and Macro Programming. We manufacture and distribute large drill bits around the world and this position performs an essential function in the process. Great benefits are available, along with good overtime availability and opportunities for advancement.
2200587197	IntelliServ?, a Grant Prideco Company, is the proud manufacturer of the oil and gas exploration industry?s first high-speed, real-time, drill string telemetry system.  This breakthrough technology allows for bidirectional communication between the drill bit and the rig floor and is capable of sending and analyzing data regarding the environmental conditions down hole.  We offer a competitive compensation plan and a generous benefit package that includes: 10 paid holidays per year, personal time, vacation time,  401(k) savings plan, employee stock purchase plan, employee education assistance program, a dependent scholarship program, life insurance, medical, dental, vision, and much more! This position performs daily operation of high precision machining equipment to ensure products meet tolerance levels and in accordance to drawings and specifications.  0-2 years work experience and/or specialized training in operating machinery, CNC lathes or mills a plus. Must have knowledge of working power tools, assorted hand tools and measuring tools, an understanding of American Standard measuring systems, and the ability to read and understand verbal instructions. Must be able to communicate effectively in the English language, and work well with others.
2200587202	Shelter Assistant needed for Domestic Violence Shelter.  Duties will include working with people who are dealing with crisis situations.  Preference given to those with work and or volunteer experience in social services or crisis intervention.  Must have great multi-tasking skills and be able to work under pressure.  Must be able to use Excel and Word.  Need to be able to work with Community Donors and have a flexible schedule. Salary will depend upon experience.   Part Time 20 hours per week.  EEO
2200587173	Rose Park are company is looking for several individuals with Tax processing experience to help with the busy tax season ahead. Candidates will prepare taxes for customers at their Rose Park location. The Company will train on their software program. Looking for 1-2 people, hours full time or pt depending on schedules of Candidates.
2200587080	Tree and Shrub Spray Technician. Perform fertilization and insect and disease control on trees and shrubs using spray and injection tools. Excellent customer service is vital for this position as well as daily routing, product mixing, and application.Requirements : Valid drivers license, and tree and shrub identification skills. Will be necessary to pass the State of Utah Commercial Pesticide Applicator License Exam for ornamental and turf.ISA Certification is a plus.Wage commensurate with experience.
2200587101	Mountain State Schoolbook Depository (MSSD) is a distributor of educational textbooks.  We warehouse and distribute textbooks to schools in Utah and Nevada.  This position will be filled by an energetic, hard-working individual with good interpersonal skills.  The ability to organize workflow among fellow employees is essential.  Helping fellow employees stay on task is essential.  Forklift, shipping, and receiving experience is beneficial.  Any experience automating/computerizing/bar-coding the inventory tracking process is a plus. MSSD is a highly seasonal company.  Any applicant must be willing to work substantial overtime June ? September.
2200586908	Stop letting other people steal the credit for building the business. At our small to medium sized company, you will report direct to the president. We need someone who has both has enough experience and PRESENCE to present to big chain buyers, but is also willing to answer an incoming customer service call. We need a salesperson with strong customer service interests (when you're not selling, you can help us plan how to do customer service campaigns, and help set up auto-responders or other systems to help new customers get used to our system.) Activities would be: Responding to trade show leads, attending trade shows, writing or helping write some sales copy, preparing and sending sales packages to industry leaders or target clients, creating and implementing customer service system to follow a client from initial signup to being a veteran client who knows what we offer and uses us often. Answering incoming customer service calls or emails. Company is located in North Utah County, we provide wholesale service to the photo industry.
2200586924	Have a wealth of administrative experience?  This opportunity is for you!  An advanced space systems corporation is looking for a willing professional to assist department managers in day-to-day functions.An administrative assistant is needed to perform the following tasks: schedule and coordinate meetings, screen and route calls and mailings, arrange travel and special projects, and other duties as assigned.  The most successful candidates have 3-5 years experience supporting internal management in the specific capacities listed, are proficient in MS Office Suite, to include Outlook and Excel, and are able to completing multiple projects.
2200587074	Logan Office. 2 positions available. Will answer phones for multi-line phone system, provide front desk coverage,  greet clients, schedule appointments, input information into computer, do filing, and perform other related duties as assigned.  Must be detail oriented and have proven effective public relations skills.  Requires excellent telephone etiquette and customer service skills.  Must have good computer skills, accurate data entry abilities, and must be able to multi-task.  Must be able to provide recent type (at least 40 WPM) and 10-key scores.  Various type testing sites are available on-line. Scheduled work hours will usually be between 8:00 AM and 5:00 PM.   Job closes 1/17/2008.
2200587076	The Service Representative II is responsible for: driving a truck to service customers' document destruction needs; shredding customers' confidential/sensitive documents; providing top-notch customer service; and adhering to all safety guidelines.
2200587081	Seeking office assistant to answer mutiple line phone system, perform general office duties such as mail distribution, filing and project assting.  Experience with answering phones and general office skills a must.  Knowledge with MS Word & Excel required.
2200587083	HIRING EXPERIENCED ESTIMATOR for Industrial Construction work (not home building) in areas of Mining, Steel, Power Generation, Refinery industries; mid to large projects (500K - 10M). Must have a minimum of 10 years experience; responsible for take-offs and assemble bids; experience in negotiating contracts; oversee progress of work, overseeing subcontractors / workers, communicating with owners regarding scheduling, resolution of problems towards completion of projects; tracking / controlling expenses desirable. Competitive salary with benefits. Position available to begin immediately.
2200587084	help framing and finish carpentry work
2200587116	POSITION OBJECTIVE:  As a key member of the KSL Corporation Salt Lake Internet team, responsible for developing and implementing web, standalone, and database applications and systems for web operations.  Includes the design, implementation, and testing of the applications and systems, utilizes various networking protocols in creating new systems.  Will be an interface with the IS Department in providing technical assistance to the Internet operation and work to accomplish KSL Corporation?s strategic plan for the Internet and Bonneville International Corporation's mission and core values.POSITION REQUIREMENTS:?Design, implement, and maintain web applications and systems using PHP, Javascript, Perl, MySQL, and XML on Linux (Open Source) and Microsoft Windows platforms.?Maintain and support existing web related systems, wire feeds, automation systems, etc.?Understand, utilize, and troubleshoot various networking protocols, such as TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, SMB, NFS, and SNMP.?Define requirements and objectives and prepare specifications for new systems.?Ensure that all systems, developed and purchased, maintain high levels of security, quality and reliability.?Implement methodologies for the purpose of monitoring and reporting of status and statistics for all systems.?Document new system interfaces, functions and system flow in both functional and object-oriented systems.?
2200587056	Local medical facility is looking for someone who wants a great career and advancement in the medical field. This person will be performing office duties and balancing lock boxes, will be also required to have good computer and 10 key skills along with the ability to mulit-task. Any medical background would be a plus!! Immmediate opening, apply today.
2200587117	Position will provide support to the Marketing function.  Performs a variety of cleical duties which will include excel, word, power point, e-mail & internet processing.  Will assist in prep of reports & control recors, statistics and reports.  May administer various program, projects, and/or processes specific to marketing.  May serve as administrative liaison with others within and outside the company regarding administrative issues related to marketing.  Other duties as assigned.
2200587182	Full time - Very friendly administrative assistant needed in fast-paced Salt Lake City office.  Must possess excellent customer service skills, ability to answer phones in a friendly manner, plus computer skills.
2200587162	Seeking long-term Office Assistant.  Duties will include answering telephones, entering data into spreadsheets, new hire orientation and paperwork, calling suppliers to make orders and verify prices, filing and organizing documents, and other basic office duties.  Must be dependable, motivated, and computer literate.
2200587166	Summary:To drive market and collect new available, under construction, and planned property information for commercial real estate properties in the markets within which we operateMeasure of Performance:?Total of new properties found through driving effortsKey Responsibilities:?Systematically drive the market area assigned and record building address, available space, rate, and listing company information, and other important information recorded on listing signs for researchers to input into ASTRO database  Qualifications and Education:?Detail oriented?Must have own reliable car?Interest in commercial real estate
2200587111	Full time position consisting of machine and hand assembly of exterior/interior residential doors. Interested candidates must demonstrate a stable past job/ school history, possess good work ethic, be energetic, physically capable of lifting 50 lbs. or more, and able to read a tape measure.  Some past wood working or door manufacturing experience helpful but not necessary.
2200587194	IntelliServ?, a Grant Prideco Company, is the proud manufacturer of the oil and gas exploration industry?s first high-speed, real-time, drill string telemetry system.  This breakthrough technology allows for bidirectional communication between the drill bit and the rig floor and is capable of sending and analyzing data regarding the environmental conditions down hole.  We offer a competitive compensation plan and a generous benefit package that includes: 10 paid holidays per year, personal time, vacation time,  401(k) savings plan, employee stock purchase plan, employee education assistance program, a dependent scholarship program, life insurance, medical, dental, vision, and much more! This position performs daily operation of high precision machining equipment to ensure products meet tolerance levels and in accordance to drawings and specifications.  0-2 years work experience and/or specialized training in operating machinery, CNC lathes or mills a plus. Must have knowledge of working power tools, assorted hand tools and measuring tools, an understanding of American Standard measuring systems, and the ability to read and understand verbal instructions. Must be able to communicate effectively in the English language, and work well with others.
2200587198	Summary:To ensure high quality data by acting as a quality control for all base properties being added to the ASTRO database by the Market Canvassers during the base projectMeasure of Performance:?Evidence of all new properties added to ASTRO being quality controlled?Accuracy measured by random sampling quality checks (done by Director of Research) >95%?Evidence of assigned market areas being completed before allowing Market Canvassers to start on new areaKey Responsibilities:?Check every field of every property entered into ASTRO database for accuracy?Ensure complete market coverage by keeping area maps up-to-date?Fill out and sign a quality control sheet for each property?Drive to assigned areas to conduct random checks of propertiesQualifications and Education:?Must be computer literate, including a working knowledge of the Internet, Google Earth, Microsoft Excel, and databases?Type a minimum of 40 words per minute?Analytical and Detail oriented?Previous experience in a Quality Control position
2200587171	Summary:To drive market and collect new available, under construction, and planned property information for commercial real estate properties in the markets within which we operateMeasure of Performance:?Total of new properties found through driving effortsKey Responsibilities:?Systematically drive the market area assigned and record building address, available space, rate, and listing company information, and other important information recorded on listing signs for researchers to input into ASTRO database  Qualifications and Education:?Detail oriented?Must have own reliable car?Interest in commercial real estate
2200587172	Local fast growing Excavation/Construction Company in need of full-time Diesel/Heavy Equipment Mechanic.  Duties include all types of repair and maintenance work on construction equipment, heavy trucks and other vehicles.  Wage is negotiable depending on experience but includes benefits.
2200587175	Summary:To drive market and collect new available, under construction, and planned property information for commercial real estate properties in the markets within which we operateMeasure of Performance:?Total of new properties found through driving effortsKey Responsibilities:?Systematically drive the market area assigned and record building address, available space, rate, and listing company information, and other important information recorded on listing signs for researchers to input into ASTRO database  Qualifications and Education:?Detail oriented?Must have own reliable car?Interest in commercial real estate
2200587177	Local well-known medical facility offering a greatopportunity for a data entry clerk who will be receiving invoicesand checks from different insurance companies processing themsuch as open mail, sort, match, stack them, and run tallies tobalance everything out. Will be balancing on a calculator,Requirement: must be able to type over 10,000 KSPH. Timesensitive projects, must be able to stay on task and staymotivated. Shift:7:30am-4pm M-F Start immediately!
2200587179	The ideal candidate would have a BS in Marketing or related field, with 3+ years of Tele-sales experience including coordinating closings, paperwork, etc.  3+ years of Management Experience with experience with writing and refining scripts and preparing sales reports and department budgets.We are looking for a self starter with a great work ethic.  Someone who understands tele-services and sees its value in the market place. This employee will work from home.
2200587180	Answer phones, answer questions, create accounts and follow through. Help walk-in customers. Accept money, look up invoices. Something different everyday. Very fast paced. Advancement opportunities. Must have escellent phone etiquette and experience working with customers. Must be dependable and hard working and can handle a stressful, fast-paced environment. Part-time for now, could go into full-time. No health benefits but do get paid vacation.
2200587183	Front desk clerk needed for a local motel. Duties include greeting and checking in guests, answering phones, taking reservations, helping guests with requests and other duties as assigned. Customer service skills preferred, but willing to train the right person.
2200587189	Assist Foreign trade department in all aspects of the export/import requirements Research and assign export control classification designators to commodities (OJT) Analyze blueprints and technical data to assign export control designators Disseminate guidance and direction on export compliance requirements Assist with strategy and fact finding to reconcile export issues and develop enterprise guidance to drive consistency Serve as an interface and external spokesperson on export compliance related matters
2200587190	The telemarketer will call local residents to offer free quotes for insurance, and collect personal information from interested parties. Applicants do not need to have any telemarketing experience, however the persons hired will have good communication skills. This position requires that applicants be self motivated because they may be working from home. Pay averages 10-11 dollars per hour.
2200587260	Receptionist/Administrative Assistant needed for Pleasant Grove employer.  Qualified candidate must be computer literate and able to work independently.  Accounts Receivable knowledge a plus.  secretarial/reception work, data entry/10 key, shipping experience. Storage/Food knowledge helpful.  Pay Rate:  $9.00 - 11.00 hourly DOE
2200587163	Local employer looking to hire a dependable drafting technician.  Duties include drafting plans provided by engineers, helping in surveying and various testing, and other duties as assigned.  Experience in AutoCAD a must.  Experience with Civil Series, Civil 3D, Land Desktop and Architectural Desktop a plus.  This is a full-time position.  Wage is dependant on experience applicant has in this field.  Drivers license and vehicle preferred.  Position can develop in to other positions.
2200587164	DescriptionGeneral Purpose of the Position: Test flight controls product in accordance with acceptance test procedures. Duties will include: ? Test flight controls product in accordance with test procedure(s) to determine acceptance or rejection ? Document test data and results in a meticulous manner ? Document anomalies between unit under test and procedure to assist initiating corrective action ? Document test activities by updating historical records for trend analysis ? Perform special assignments as made by Quality Management ? Read and understand specifications, blueprints, and technical documents ? Analyze and isolate causes of malfunctions to assist in Engineering disposition ? Use hydraulics understanding and economic judgment to decide whether or not to perform assembly/disassembly on the test bench Requirements? Ability to use small power tools (air ratchets, rivet tools, etc.) ? Ability to read and understand specifications, blueprints, and technical documents ? Possess an understanding of hydraulics/mechanics ? Previous experience working in related test field typically acquired with a minimum of five years ? Possess hydraulic schematic reading skills
2200587165	Neways is looking for a creative self starter to assist the Web Manager with both operational and analytical responsibilities.  The perfect candidate would have a background in Multi-level marketing, IT and the web.  This job involves two key areas of responsibility.  SEO - Will interface with IT and act as a liaison between IT and marketing in designing and implementing SEO campaigns.  Will then track progress of both SEO and marketing campaigns using standard web analytic tools (Omniture, Google Analytics).  Will assist the Web Manager in organizing web projects, setting strategic and operational goals, project management, and the oversight and training of market content management personnel.  Receive and prioritize market tasks.  Track and manage tasks in IT Queue.  Act as Business Analyst for Market Requests that should be projects.  Knowledge of HTML, content management systems, how servers work, how browsers process data, how search engines process content.  Project management skills/experience.
2200587168	Candidate will be responsible for accurately delivering product throughout the Salt Lake City and Ogden area. Individual must be a safe, courteous driver and be customer service oriented. Applicant must be able to accurately collect and post COD payments. In addition, you will work with the transportation supervisors to establish DOT files and other duties as assigned.Qualifications&#61692;Must be 21 years of age or older&#61692;Capable of lifting up to 100 lbs.&#61692;Capable of driving in extreme conditions&#61692;Dependable and accountable&#61692;Must present a copy of your current driving record
2200587176	Local well-known medical facility offering a greatopportunity for a data entry clerk who will be receiving invoicesand checks from different insurance companies processing themsuch as open mail, sort, match, stack them, and run tallies tobalance everything out. Will be balancing on a calculator,Requirement: must be able to type over 10,000 KSPH. Timesensitive projects, must be able to stay on task and staymotivated. Shift:7:30am-4pm M-F Start immediately!
2200587251	Employer is looking for a hardworking, detailed person who has a good attitude and enjoys working in a unique environment where you will be constantly learning and doing different things.  This company develops and manufactures x-ray components and polarizers where they are used for different technological instruments including machines used in NASA.  This is an interesting job where you will be assembling detailed products.  We are looking for people who like to do hands-on work, detailed and assembly work, and who enjoy putting things together.  This job requires basic math skills, problem solving, and attention to detail.  We are looking for a sharp and intelligent candidate who can learn fast.  The environment is unique where you will be wearing full body suits in clean rooms and where you will be working in a positive workplace.  Pay is $10-12 DOE.  The hours are 6a-6p Mon-Wed or Thu-Sat.  If you want to join a company where you can take part in creating new things for the future and be part of one of the fastest growing companies in the country, this is the job for you.
2200587252	We?re looking for self motivated individuals who are looking to start a career in the auto business or simply want to have fun, make money & help us take care of customers.  Wash cars & trucks. Drive vehicles on dealership property & light janitorial. DAY SHIFT Full & Part Time positions available. We offer great pay, benefits, flexible schedule & room for advancement. Applicant must be drug free, have valid driver?s license (with no more than 2 tickets) & pass pre-employment checks inc criminal background. EOE.
2200587254	No Experience Needed. Must be friendly, outgoing, and a fast learner. Job duties include taking payments and accepting loan applications.  Must be able to work Saturdays.
2200587256	A SLC are agency is recruiting an experienced, journey-level Electrician to help maintain, repair, and/or install lighting systems on commercial properties.  Candidates must have a current journey license with the State of Utah, good experience and skill working with customers, and strong trouble-shooting abilities.  Also must have a current driver?s license and a good driving record (no more than 1-2 minor infractions on current MVR) to be eligible to drive a company vehicle.  Will work either an 8- or 10-hour daytime shift; those who work the 10-hr shift will have a 4-day weekend every other week (Fri & Mon off) to compensate.  The position is contract-to-hire with full benefits through our client company following probation period. Wages are competitive.  The agency works only with client companies who are committed to a worker-friendly culture, reasonable wages and a safe working environment. We offer a benefits program, expert help and a respectful attitude to all our associates. Drug test & background check required. {This position is being offered through a staffing agency that does NOT charge any fees for its services.}
2200587257	A well-established designer/manufacturer in SLC area is looking for a lead worker to direct a team of sanders.  Will sand & finish product using an orbital sander, and also direct the work of a small crew of sanders, ensuring daily production goals are met.  Will also use a forklift to transport material around the plant.  Must have proven supervisor/lead worker experience, and communicate competently in both English & Spanish.  Must also be able to lift up to 75 lbs several times per day, occasionally up to 100 lbs, and pass an OSHA respirator fit test (little to no facial hair).  In order to operate forklift, must have current driver license issued in the U.S. and a clean driving record (MVR), showing no more than 2 minor infractions.  Position is contract-to-hire with a very short ?temp? period. Starting salary $15.00, with attractive benefits package after temp & company probation periods.  Must pass SSN check and pre-employment drug test.
2200587258	Sales associate for consultation and education.
2200587259	Part-time receptionist wanted for a busy family medical practice.  Applicant must be proficient in a variety of office software applications and possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Friendliness and professionalism in appearance and demeanor are essential.  Ideal candidate will also be self-motivated, creative, efficient, flexible, detail-oriented and organized.  Position involves answering phones, appointment scheduling, scanning, faxing and carrying out other office projects as assigned.  Some medical experience preferred but not required.  Bilingual (English/Spanish) skills a plus.  Potential exists for eventual full-time employment.  Starting pay depends on experience.
2200587235	We specialize in Office/ Clerical/ and Administrative personnel. One of our key clients is looking for French or Spanish speaking Customer Service Representatives to join their growing team. This is a full time, temp to hire position that will cover all inbound customer inquires in regard to status of their accounts. To be considered you must have 2 years recent and steady employment in the customer service arena doing phone support and assistance. Experience with and working knowledge of the entire Microsoft Office Suite is a must. Experience within a credit card call center environment is a major plus ? but not required.
2200587241	Positions available today! Pay determined by experience! Top pay given! Park City DRIVER/Mover needed. The job requires that you have your own transportation to Park City, with FUEL REIMBURSEMENT. We are a moving company based out of Park City, Utah. We are currently looking for candidates who have past experience in moving/delivery, load/unload and customer service. We have PART TIME and FULL TIME positions available. The position will be a driver/mover position. Clean MVR required!
2200587242	Employer is one of the premier specialized staffing firms in the nation. Our client is looking for a SR Accountant for a 6 month reconciliation assignment. The ideal candidate must have project and reconciliation experience.To be considered you must have ALL of the following:Bachelors in Accounting ? MAcc preferredMust have hands on recent professional experience with Great Plains Dynamics, SQL and ExcelMust have extensive account reconciliation and G/L reconciliation experience.
2200587243	We are looking for quality individuals to fill Laborer and Operating positions in a heavy industrial setting.  Selected candidates will be involved in working around molten metal and conveying or pipe finishing systems and equipment.  Successful candidates will have a good work history, with preference given to those who have two or more years of industrial experience working around automated equipment.  Employer has been operating in Provo since 1926. We offer a competitive benefits package, paid vacation and holidays, and a pension plan.  Professional references, education, and background checks will be conducted, and a post offer/pre-employment physical and drug screen will be required.
2200587244	The successful candidate will have completed an apprenticeship and have at least  two years related journeyman experience working in industrial equipment repair, performing alignment, welding and layout, and pipe fitting.   We offer a competitive benefits package, paid vacation and holidays, and a pension plan.  Professional references, education, and background checks will be conducted, and a post offer/pre-employment physical and drug screen will be required
2200587245	Seeking a personable, dependable and mature individual to process multiple payrolls.  Duties include:- Entering and maintaining client and employee files, including address changes, pay changes, W-4 changes, direct deposit changes, department/job costing changes, status changes, and terminations. - Processing multiple-state payrolls. - Assisting client owners and employees with payroll related questions. - Activating, calculating, and withholding garnishments. - Tracking paid leave accruals. - Calculating pay changes and retro payments. - Answering verification of employment calls and responding to written verification of employment requests. Candidates must be experienced in accounting and/or processing payroll or related education.  Must be detail-oriented, professional, dependable and have excellent customer service skills.  Must be able to multi-task and work well under pressure.  Must have excellent spreadsheet, word processing and 10-key skills.  This position is full-time and although the schedule is Monday through Friday from 8 am to 5 pm, this position may require you to stay late or come in early to get assigned tasks completed on time, while staying within 40 hours per week. This is a non-smoking company located in downtown Salt Lake City.  We offer a competitive wage with great benefits, including health, life, dental, and vision insurance, as well as 401(k) plan with employer match and Flexible Spending Account Plan, and much more!
2200587246	Employer is looking for great people to do clean room work for a well established sanitizing company.  This company is one of the leading janitorial sanitizing companies in the country.  You will be cleaning Clean Rooms- which includes cleaning the walls, floor, and under the floor (being on your stomach).  You will be wearing a bunny suit.  The dress code is standard and you need to provide your own work boots.  This is an interesting job in a very different environment where you can learn a lot.  It?s not a typical cleaning job, so you will have the opportunity to do things that you?ve never done before.  This company offers benefits and is in Lehi.Pay is $10 depending on experience.  The hours are 6p-6a Thu-Sat and every other Wed or 6p-6a Sun-Tue and every other Wed.  There is possible overtime.
2200587247	Repair, adjust, assemble or modify various medical equipment including power wheelchairs, manual wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, etc.  Maintain maintenance records, facilitate parts ordering, manage workspace organization.  Some electrical and motorized vehicle knowledge necessary as well as basic mechanical skills. Good people skills including a good customer based attitude.
2200587073	CHIROPRACTIC THERAPY ASSISTANT. Part-full time Kaysville UT 4 days per week, 25-30 hours per week..  HOURS: 6:45AM-11:15 A.M. & 2-5:20 P.M. M-W-TH. & 6:45 AM - 9:15 AM & 2-5:20 P.M. TUE.  Busy, Chiropractic Physician Needs mature, dependable, fun, high caliber, strong emotionally and physically energetic assistant.  Great hours, No major holidays, no weekends or late night shifts. On the job training included. Learn how to use Physical therapy equipment, run occasional errands & light cleaning.  Basic computer skills, understanding basic math & Typing at 50 wpm or better are a must.
2200587248	Employer is looking for a hardworking, detailed person who has a good attitude and enjoys working in a unique environment where you will be constantly learning and doing different things.  This company develops and manufactures x-ray components and polarizers where they are used for different technological instruments including machines used in NASA.  This is an interesting job where you will be assembling detailed products.  We are looking for people who like to do hands-on work, detailed work, assembly work, and who enjoy putting things together.  The environment is unique where you will be wearing full body suits in clean rooms and where you will be working in a positive workplace.  Pay is $10-12 DOE.  The hours are 6a-6p Mon-Wed or Thu-Sat.  If you want to join a company where you can take part in creating new things for the future and be part of one of the fastest growing companies in the country, this is the job for you.
2200587249	Freight Forwarder for Full time local pickup and delivery. No CDL required.  Must be 25 years old with good driving record.  Salary DOE. Please supply copy of DMV report.
2200587255	A Salt Lake City-based online retailer is seeking a Customer Service Representative to be responsible for fielding incoming customer service calls and coordinating with the customer service group of our partners to answer questions and resolve issues as they arise.The ideal candidate must have 3 months of customer service experience, be a good communicator, and be a team player. Must be able to use MS Word, Excel, and Outlook. Must be hard-working, honest, and dependable. A college degree is preferred but not required.
2200587233	Driver (Delivery Associate) for West Jordan food distributor for local routes to and in Ely Nevada area.  Provide commercial delivery service to customers while operating vehicles associated with delivery activities and other related duties as required.  Must be flexible as to time and assignment given.  Must possess a valid State of Utah Class A Driver's License and clean driving record (no tickets in the last two (2) years and no DUI's).  Must be at least 21 years of age to drive interstate.  Must be able to lift 50-80 pounds to a level of three feet.  Must be familiar with employer products.  Must be able to plan and organize work activities.  Must be able to analyze and disseminate data, manage work time, follow procedures.  Must be able to read,  write, identify and solve problems, perform basic mathematical calculations including making change.  Employer administers off-site ergonomically-designed performance assessment to candidates.  Must posses experience and knowledge of route and territory design.  Must be able to stand, walk, bend, kneel and stoop as necessary to complete assigned tasks.  Employer may require work history and/or references; employer has strict time standards and is deadline-oriented.  Wage will depend on experience.
2200587234	Performs a variety of responsible legal, administrative, and public relations work consisting primarily of the prosecution of City criminal cases for the City.  Requires Graduation from A.B.A. accredited law school with a Juris Doctor degree.One (1) year of progressively responsible legal experience in a public sector environment. Member in good standing of the Utah State Bar Association.  Note:  A criminal background check is required for this position.
2200587238	Dependable driver needed for automated side loader garbage truck.  Must have Class B Commercial Drivers License and clean driving record. No DUI's and Max of 1 traffic Violation. Bring current Motor vehicle report when applying. Apply at Econo Waste, Inc
2200586824	Site Facilitator for Elementary After School Connections program.  Site Facilitator will organize and manage children/students; plan and schedule academic, enrichment, and recreation activities; maintain site records; train and lead staff; work with parents, community members, and day school teachers and administration.  Utah teaching certificate (preferred) or comparable training and experience; willing to acquire certification in First Aide and CPR; knowledge of good teaching strategies; strong organizational, teamwork and leadership skills.   Position is open until filled with first review of applications on January 14, 2007.
2200586886	servicing and repairing restaurant equpment (ex. Ice machines, ovens, ranges, refrigerators, etc..)Applicants MUST have a refrigeration certificate/license.$40,000 TO $85,000 PER YEAR!Higher wage for HVAC contractors license.
2200586891	Salt Lake area employer.  Will be operating semi-automatic die-cutting equipment.   No experience required employer is willing to train.  Wage ranges $8.00 to $12.50 per hour.
2200586950	A fun, upbeat and success driven company is looking for an individual to make phone calls to their various clients to ensure customer satisfaction as well as over all service.  This position offers opportunities for commission to those looking to succeed in a Customer Service / Sales position.  Shift runs from 8am to 5pm and offers a stable and long term opportunity.
2200586787	Employer is company that continues to grow year after year.  We are currently taking applications for the up-coming 2008 season. We are entering in our 7th full season and looking to hire landscape workers interested in growing with our small company.  Our company provides a relaxed work environment with opportunities for rapid pay increases and year-end bonuses.  We prefer hiring workers having experience in the landscape service business but may look to train a person having a proven strong work ethic. Starting wage is depending upon skills in using various outdoor equipment and years of experience but can range from 8 to 12 per hour. Must have valid Utah drivers with a good driving record.
2200586788	Looking for a person or couple to be a Host Home Family by offering a safe and secure home to children or adults with disabilities. The care  provider is required to attend training in First Aid, CPR,  behavior modification techniques and positive parenting skills.  Must have own vehicle and valid UT Driver's License with no more than two driving violations in last 12 months.  Will require current copy of MVR and insurance coverage.  Must pass a background check.  Company policy must be 21 years of age or older. Salary will be based on the needs of the person placed in the home.
2200586791	Housekeeper will be required to work 25 hours a week, monday thru friday, will perform various tasks cleaning a building of 50 rooms plus common areas.
2200586795	General knowledge in Big truck repairs for a small fleet to ensure that they are in proper operating condition. Prefer someone with own tools.  Prefer 6 months to a year experience.
2200586898	We need someone who is honest and dependable to work in our Sandy office between 10:00 and 6:00 Monday through Friday and possibly work a few Saturdays. Primary duties will be: customer service, data entry and sales scheduling. We need someone who knows how to solve problems and can run farely self sufficiently.
2200586901	We need someone who is honest and dependable to work in our Bountiful office between 9:00 and 5:00 Monday through Friday and possibly work a few Saturdays. Primary duties will be: customer service, data entry and sales scheduling. We need someone who knows how to solve problems and can run farely self sufficiently.
2200586906	A premier precision metal casting company is looking for attendants to assist in their wax molding preparations.  Interested in steady workload and consistent workdays?  This opportunity is for you!Attendants are needed to set up molds to specifications for parts production.  The most successful candidates have a great work ethic, are able to lift between 40-50 lbs., and are precise in their work.
2200586909	A growing natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking an experienced warehouse associate to manage all incoming and outgoing material.  Have a high attention to detail and enjoy the warehouse environment?  Picture this!Candidates are needed to track and document products moving in and out of the warehouse.  The most successful candidates are able to work in a fast paced environment, are very accurate in their documentation (both electronic and manual), and are able to match numerous products with incoming orders.  Stand-up forklift experience and shipping/receiving experience is desired!
2200586923	Have a wealth of administrative experience?  This opportunity is for you!  An advanced space systems corporation is looking for a willing professional to assist department managers in day-to-day functions.An administrative assistant is needed to perform the following tasks: schedule and coordinate meetings, screen and route calls and mailings, arrange travel and special projects, and other duties as assigned.  The most successful candidates have 3-5 years experience supporting internal management in the specific capacities listed, are proficient in MS Office Suite, to include Outlook and Excel, and are able to completing multiple projects.
2200586935	ScopeResponsibilities include making sure all tickets are routed correctly, pulling product, loading trucks, and UPS shipping on occasion.Duties and Responsibilities:1. Ensure that all tickets are on routes.2. Pick merchandise and place at proper door.3. Check column for picking; indicate back orders when necessary.4. Check for accuracy when loading.5. Check column for loading per packing slip.6. Charge forklift batteries daily.7. Clean dock areas.8. Other duties as assigned.Warehouse Equipment and Safety:1. Insure all personnel operating equipment are safety oriented.2. All areas are clean and neat.3. Charge batteries in accordance with specifications.4. Insure all hand truck, handling equipment are safe to use.5. Lifting of heavy objects is done safely.6. Daily inspection of all handling.7. Wear safety shoes and company-furnished uniforms.Requirements:1. Lift 50 lbs2. Comfortable with heights3. Stand for 8 hours
2200586942	This person is responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction by trouble shooting, repairing, modifying (retrofitting), and servicing all product manufactured by our company in a timely manner.
2200586949	WE ARE LOOKING FOR 1 MOTIVATED OUTSIDE SALES REPRESENTITIVE FOR RESIDENDIAL DISH NETWORK SATELLITE.(YOU WILL START BY GOING DOOR TO DOOR). YOUR PAY SCALE WILL BE $100.00 PER SALE REGAURDLESS OF HAVE MANY RECEIVERS ARE ACTIVATED. WE DO NOT CHARGE BACK OUR SALES PEOPLE FOR CUSTOMERS THAT DISCONNECT EARLY!!!.AS DO OTHER SATELLITE COMPANIES. THIS IS A GREAT JOB FOR PEOPLE WITH THE RIGHT SKILLS. I KNOW LONGER HAVE TIME TO DO THIS MYSELF. YOU CAN DO IT PART TIME OR FULL TIME.  YOU SHOULD BE FAMILARE WITH DISH NETWORK PROMOTIONIONS.WE WOULD BE WILLING TO TRAIN THE WRITE INDIVIUAL IF NECESSARY,MUST BE PROFESSIONAL AND DEPENDABLE.
2200586763	Job Objective:Ensures the integrity of accounting information by recording, verifying, entering, and reconciling transactions.Duties and Responsibilities: ?Maintains and balances general ledger accounts by verifying, allocating, posting, reconciling transactions; resolving discrepancies.?Analyzes information by developing spreadsheet reports, verifying information.?Oversees day-to-day operations of AP Clerk and Procurement Clerk.?Prepares monthly commission accrual and reconciliation.?Assist in monthly/quarterly financial reporting including variance analysis.?Ensure division's compliance with, & adherence to, internal controls policies & procedures in conjunction with SOX (Sarbanes Oxley).?Assist special projects as needed.Experience, Skills and Qualifications: ?Bachelor?s degree in Accounting or equivalent job experience.?5-7 years of experience with general accounting functions including month-end close.?Minimum one year experience in a supervisory role?Ability to work well in a fast-paced and deadline driven environment.?Ability to work independently.?Proficient in Excel.
2200586796	Benefits: CIGNA Starbridge Mini-Med and Dental Plan, Seasonal Bonus, Weekly Ski pass. Type: Seasonal - Full Time Department: Silver Star Description: Your attention to detail and respect for the owner's condominiums are welcome at Premier Resorts. Your reliability and understanding of housekeeping procedures and tasks welcomes you to apply for this rewarding career opportunity.Your positive attitude and pride in making this resort the most comfortable place to stay will be noticed by all our visitors.Our definition of 'fun' is finding enjoyment through our Spirit in Service to others in our mountain environment.Fit your lifestyle into your job with Deer Valley Lodging, "where you belong". Duties: Responsible for cleaning units in rental, and their patios at a 100 condo complex. Also required to inspect room inventory upon every guest?s departure. Must be able to communicate in English to other departments or to the management. Must be able to work weekends and holidays. Will provide daily service for in house guests and owners also departure and midweek cleanings. As well deep cleans. Most cleaning includes; Vacuuming, dusting of entire rooms. Cleaning kitchens and inspecting cupboards. Cleaning entire bathrooms and bedrooms. Qualifications: Bilingual a plus, English required. Experience in cleaning, detail oriented person, must be able to lift 30 lbs. Must be able to work weekends and holidays. PWDNET
2200587043	Description: Assist AVP of Internal Audit plan and perform compliance (including BSA), financial, and operational audits and reviews in accordance with applicable audit standards. Duties: Examine and evaluate internal control structures and environments within various departments in the credit union.Communicate the necessary corrective recommendations when deficiencies are discovered.Contribute to the growth and development of the Internal Audit Department.Assist in other internal audit special projects as needed. Qualifications: 1 ? 2 years financial institution operational experiencePossessing or working towards bachelor?s degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business
2200587042	Description: Assist AVP of Internal Audit plan and perform compliance (including BSA), financial, and operational audits and reviews in accordance with applicable audit standards. Duties: Examine and evaluate internal control structures and environments within various departments in the credit union.Communicate the necessary corrective recommendations when deficiencies are discovered.Contribute to the growth and development of the Internal Audit Department.Assist in other internal audit special projects as needed. Qualifications: 1 ? 2 years financial institution operational experiencePossessing or working towards bachelor?s degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business
2200586945	Small growing plumbing wholesaler seeking full-time delivery driver.CDL preferred but not required.  New hires will be required to obtain a medical card.  Hours of operation are 7:00 am - 5:00 pm Mon.-Fri., also some overtime and Saturdays may be required.  Warehouse/forklift experience is a plus
2200587045	Description: Hours: Monday - Friday 12:30- around 6:00pm Some Saturdays 9:15 - 1:45. About 30-32 hours a week.  Duties: To assist members with their financial transactions, involving paying and receiving cash and other negotiable instruments. To cross-sell credit union products and services, and to provide excellent member service. Qualifications: Customer service skills, cash handling experience a plus but not required.
2200586764	Department: Deer Valley Club Description: Your dynamic personality and desire to serve others is calling you to consider a unique career opportunity with on the job training. The challengesare invigorating and ever changing. Our definition of 'fun' is finding enjoyment through our Spirit in Service to others in beautiful beach, mountain, and golf resort environments.Seasonal part time and full-time position available at Deer Valley Club. Must be willing to work 8 hour morning/evening shift, must be flexible and work holidays. Duties: To give the Deer Valley Club members first class service and attention. Handle all questions and requests in a timely manner and follow up. The Deer valley Club is a 30 Town home Private Residence Club, which offers and maintains a high level of Member/Guest service.Safe and timely transport of guests including airport and local transportation. Delivery of luggage, groceries and messages to room. Maintain clean storage areas and vehicles. Other duties as assigned by bell captain.  Qualifications: Able to lift 75 lbs. Must be able and willing to drive in all weather conditions.Must be self-starter and be able to multi-task effectively. Must be customer service oriented, friendly, and willing to interact with Member/guest and fellow employees? Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Will be required to provide a clean MVR. Must be 21 years old.
2200586895	General warehouse labor. Hours 8 to 5 Mon-Fri. Full Time.  Must be able to lift 50 pounds. Driving Forklift
2200586896	The Operations Administrative Assistant is responsible for assisting the Vice President of Operations in their administrative duties which include, but are not limited to, time management, typing, filing, travel plans, company communication and various responsibilities that will assist the executive in maintaining an orderly and professional atmosphere. Functions independently in an administrative capacity.
2200586905	Manage adult outpatient mental health and/or substance abuse clients, providing individual therapy sessions.  Provide groups and clinical expertise for additional on-site staff who work in the program.  Attend all meetings in conjunction with the position.  Work with program manager in facilitation of groups.  Must maintain clinical documentation as required by Agency standards or contracts.  $19.78+/hour depending on experience.Requirements:  Currently fully licensed in Utah as a mental health therapist (LCSW).  Must have current Utah Driver's License.  This position may be under filled on an interim basis with the following requirements:  1) Master's degree in social work or related field; 2) approved by DOPL as a trainee (intern) in social work, and 3) MUST commit to obtaining full license within 2 years from date of hire, with probtionary period continuing for this 2 year period.  Preference will be given to Spanish speaking applicants.  Must be willing to complete a criminal background check and pre-employment drug screen.
2200586911	A growing natural supplements manufacturer in Davis County is seeking an experienced warehouse associate to manage all incoming and outgoing material.  Have a high attention to detail and enjoy the warehouse environment?  Picture this!Candidates are needed to track and document products moving in and out of the warehouse.  The most successful candidates are able to work in a fast paced environment, are very accurate in their documentation (both electronic and manual), and are able to match numerous products with incoming orders.  Stand-up forklift experience and shipping/receiving experience is desired!
2200586921	Want experience in a dynamic industry?  A fantastic missile company is looking for willing technicians to expedite government and private contracts.  Aircraft Technicians are needed to train on all aspects of aerospace production, including machine operation, warehouse maintenance and parts crafting.  The most successful candidates have a high school diploma (with college degrees primarily considered), have excellent math and problem solving skills, and are precise in their work.
2200586922	Company at Little Mountain (approximately 12 miles west of Ogden) is seeking a forklift driver.  Duties will include driving a fork lift to move pallets & lumber around a warehouse, storage yard and factory.  A fork lift certificate is preferred but not required.  Salary depends on verifiable experience and qualifications.
